PlotName	TypeOfName	Family	Genus	Species	PlotType	MinimumElevationMeters	SpeciesName
WAY-01	SpeciesName	Annonaceae	Oxandra	espintana	abergPP	935	Oxandra espintana
nPT_Arroyo_186	SpeciesName	Primulaceae	Myrsine	coriacea	PT	2872	Myrsine coriacea
nPT_Tamboq_138	SpeciesName	Salicaceae	Banara	tomentosa	PT	850	Banara tomentosa
TRU-03	MorphoSpeciesName	Burseraceae	Protium	AF4603	abergPP	1890	Protium AF4603
nPT_Tumupa_21	SpeciesName	Moraceae	Perebea	guianensis	PT	1247	Perebea guianensis
nPT_Apache_364	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	aciphylla	PT	2000	Ocotea aciphylla
QU-01	SpeciesName	Apocynaceae	Aspidosperma	cylindrocarpon	abergPT	795	Aspidosperma cylindrocarpon
nPT_Palmar_161	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Myroxylon	peruiferum	PT	933	Myroxylon peruiferum
nPP_Tocoaq_29	SpeciesName	Cyatheaceae	Cyathea	herzogii	PP	2766	Cyathea herzogii
nPT_Pino_262	SpeciesName	Clethraceae	Clethra	ferruginea	PT	3324	Clethra ferruginea
nPT_Wayrap_163	SpeciesName	Myristicaceae	Virola	peruviana	PT	1538	Virola peruviana
nPT_Sanmig_181	SpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Mabea	macbridei	PT	1242	Mabea macbridei
nPT_Ladera_128	SpeciesName	Moraceae	Pseudolmedia	macrophylla	PT	1242	Pseudolmedia macrophylla
nPT_Arriba_240	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Graffenrieda	emarginata	PT	1054	Graffenrieda emarginata
TU-06	SpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Alchornea	glandulosa	abergPT	1626	Alchornea glandulosa
nPP_Sumpul_33	SpeciesName	Arecaceae	Dictyocaryum	lamarckianum	PP	1626	Dictyocaryum lamarckianum
nPT_Cuchil_100	SpeciesName	Chrysobalanaceae	Hirtella	triandra	PT	1626	Hirtella triandra
nPT_Alsudd_248	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Handroanthus	chrysanthus	PT	840	Handroanthus chrysanthus
nPT_Santaa_328	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Lachesiodendron	viridiflorum	PT	840	Lachesiodendron viridiflorum
nPP_Tintay_24	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Lonchocarpus	MJM7613	PP	1020	Lonchocarpus MJM7613
nPT_Cochay_205	SpeciesName	Urticaceae	Cecropia	membranacea	PT	1250	Cecropia membranacea
nPT_Arriba_239	SpeciesName	Chrysobalanaceae	Hirtella	lightioides	PT	1250	Hirtella lightioides
nPT_Marimo_37	SpeciesName	Cyatheaceae	Cyathea	delgadoi	PT	2498	Cyathea delgadoi
nPT_Rincon_257	SpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Myrcia	sintenisii	PT	2498	Myrcia sintenisii
nPP_Tapuri_45	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Schizocalyx	obovatus	PP	1223	Schizocalyx obovatus
nPT_Delarr_253	SpeciesName	Hypericaceae	Vismia	glabra	PT	1223	Vismia glabra
nPT_Curcur_79	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Licaria	guianensis	PT	1993	Licaria guianensis
nPT_Tequej_25	MorphoSpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Pouteria	AF15574	PT	1993	Pouteria AF15574
nPP_Chiriu_2	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	elongata	PP	1993	Miconia elongata
nPT_Frente_247	SpeciesName	Clusiaceae	Clusia	sphaerocarpa	PT	2369	Clusia sphaerocarpa
nPP_Sanmar_23	SpeciesName	Clethraceae	Clethra	revoluta	PP	2369	Clethra revoluta
nPT_Yuchuy_323	SpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Pouteria	caimito	PT	1400	Pouteria caimito
nPT_Santaa_345	SpeciesName	Cunoniaceae	Weinmannia	ovata	PT	2400	Weinmannia ovata
nPT_Santaa_345	SpeciesName	Olacaceae	Heisteria	nitida	PT	320	Heisteria nitida
nPP_Chiriu_2	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Alibertia	claviflora	PP	310	Alibertia claviflora
nPT_Yariap_5	SpeciesName	Ulmaceae	Ampelocera	edentula	PT	470	Ampelocera edentula
TU-06	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Myroxylon	balsamum	abergPT	470	Myroxylon balsamum
nPT_Patasa_325	SpeciesName	Arecaceae	Euterpe	precatoria	PT	310	Euterpe precatoria
nPT_Santar_422	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	LC3548	PT	3473	Miconia LC3548
nPP_Yarimi_9	SpeciesName	Piperaceae	Piper	trichogynum	PP	1408	Piper trichogynum
nPP_Fuerte_26	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Inga	acreana	PP	1580	Inga acreana
CA-06	SpeciesName	Moraceae	Pseudolmedia	laevigata	abergPT	1654	Pseudolmedia laevigata
nPP_Santaa_36	SpeciesName	Phyllanthaceae	Hieronyma	fendleri	PP	1654	Hieronyma fendleri
TRU-07	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Inga	multinervis	abergPP	1414	Inga multinervis
nPP_Tintay_25	SpeciesName	Piperaceae	Piper	pilirameum	PP	2663	Piper pilirameum
nPT_Cerros_182	SpeciesName	Arecaceae	Iriartea	deltoidea	PT	361	Iriartea deltoidea
nPT_Bajopp_179	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Erythrina	poeppigiana	PT	310	Erythrina poeppigiana
TRU-06	SpeciesName	Chloranthaceae	Hedyosmum	racemosum	abergPP	1766	Hedyosmum racemosum
TRU-02	SpeciesName	Symplocaceae	Symplocos	arechea	abergPP	1735	Symplocos arechea
nPP_Chiriu_2	SpeciesName	Annonaceae	Unonopsis	floribunda	PP	189	Unonopsis floribunda
nPT_Cimaas_125	SpeciesName	Nyctaginaceae	Guapira	opposita	PT	881	Guapira opposita
nPT_Wayrap_163	SpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Eugenia	excelsa	PT	858	Eugenia excelsa
TRU-04	SpeciesName	Petiveriaceae	Gallesia	integrifolia	abergPP	858	Gallesia integrifolia
nPT_Tamboq_142	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Sweetia	fruticosa	PT	974	Sweetia fruticosa
nPT_Sumpul_302	SpeciesName	Cyatheaceae	Cyathea	bipinnatifida	PT	1477	Cyathea bipinnatifida
nPT_Cimama_73	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	AF11591	PT	2030	Miconia AF11591
nPT_Santaa_349	SpeciesName	Clusiaceae	Clusia	lechleri	PT	2200	Clusia lechleri
nPP_Mamaco_3	MorphoSpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Talisia	AEC232	PP	1020	Talisia AEC232
nPT_Cimapa_39	SpeciesName	Meliaceae	Trichilia	pleeana	PT	435	Trichilia pleeana
TRU-01	SpeciesName	Polygonaceae	Ruprechtia	apetala	abergPP	1015	Ruprechtia apetala
nPP_Tintay_24	SpeciesName	Cunoniaceae	Weinmannia	yungasensis	PP	2833	Weinmannia yungasensis
nPT_Cochay_205	MorphoSpeciesName	Cunoniaceae	Weinmannia	AF20062	PT	3021	Weinmannia AF20062
SPD-02	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	AF10678	abergPP	3103	Miconia AF10678
nPT_Lambra_435	SpeciesName	Cunoniaceae	Weinmannia	davidsonii	PT	3087	Weinmannia davidsonii
nPT_Ruinas_75	MorphoSpeciesName	Clethraceae	Clethra	AF16188	PT	3087	Clethra AF16188
SP-01	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	MCM810	abergPT	3187	Miconia MCM810
nPT_Tintay_259	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Inga	bourgonii	PT	360	Inga bourgonii
nPT_Aguapo_51	MorphoSpeciesName	Elaeocarpaceae	Sloanea	MCM239	PT	1579	Sloanea MCM239
nPT_Laaltu_62	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Inga	cylindrica	PT	1579	Inga cylindrica
nPP_Tocoaq_28	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Elaeagia	mariae	PP	1685	Elaeagia mariae
nPP_Chiriu_2	SpeciesName	Ericaceae	Cavendishia	martii	PP	2419	Cavendishia martii
nPT_Resina_194	SpeciesName	Clethraceae	Clethra	cuneata	PT	2419	Clethra cuneata
nPT_Resina_188	SpeciesName	Sabiaceae	Meliosma	herbertii	PT	596	Meliosma herbertii
TRU-05	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Meriania	AF16998	abergPP	1496	Meriania AF16998
nPT_Bejucal_45	SpeciesName	Pentaphylacaceae	Freziera	dudleyi	PT	1469	Freziera dudleyi
nPT_Campam_104	SpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Acalypha	cuneata	PT	1145	Acalypha cuneata
nPT_Infier_474	SpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Allophylus	petiolulatus	PT	1124	Allophylus petiolulatus
ESP-01	SpeciesName	Moraceae	Pseudolmedia	laevis	abergPP	215	Pseudolmedia laevis
nPT_Infier_475	SpeciesName	Salicaceae	Casearia	sylvestris	PT	1094	Casearia sylvestris
nPT_Lambra_435	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Genipa	americana	PT	400	Genipa americana
nPT_Tumupa_15	SpeciesName	Cunoniaceae	Weinmannia	fagaroides	PT	3243	Weinmannia fagaroides
nPT_Ppmsur_98	SpeciesName	Cyatheaceae	Alsophila	erinacea	PT	2019	Alsophila erinacea
nPT_Santar_418	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	brittonii	PT	2251	Miconia brittonii
nPT_Resina_196	MorphoSpeciesName	Urticaceae	Cecropia	GAT3065	PT	2045	Cecropia GAT3065
nPP_Chaqui_32	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Psychotria	ILR1296	PP	2203	Psychotria ILR1296
nPT_Cerros_182	SpeciesName	Piperaceae	Piper	tucumanum	PT	915	Piper tucumanum
nPT_Cocapu_403	SpeciesName	Anacardiaceae	Astronium	graveolens	PT	360	Astronium graveolens
nPP_Yarimi_9	SpeciesName	Lecythidaceae	Cariniana	domestica	PP	300	Cariniana domestica
nPT_Ppmsur_98	SpeciesName	Lacistemataceae	Lacistema	aggregatum	PT	1780	Lacistema aggregatum
nPT_Tanhua_341	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Faramea	candelabrum	PT	1859	Faramea candelabrum
nPT_Tunkul_266	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Psychotria	trivialis	PT	1532	Psychotria trivialis
nPP_Sanmar_21	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	bangii	PP	1947	Miconia bangii
nPT_Mara_131	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Persea	AF15646	PT	2821	Persea AF15646
nPT_Ladera_145	SpeciesName	Cunoniaceae	Weinmannia	crassifolia	PT	2826	Weinmannia crassifolia
WAY-01	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Aniba	muca	abergPP	2090	Aniba muca
nPT_Rincon_257	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Psychotria	AM254	PT	1910	Psychotria AM254
nPT_Sumpul_302	SpeciesName	Capparaceae	Capparidastrum	coimbranum	PT	860	Capparidastrum coimbranum
nPP_Huanec_20	SpeciesName	Urticaceae	Urera	lianoides	PP	384	Urera lianoides
nPT_Piara_393	SpeciesName	Rutaceae	Pilocarpus	peruvianus	PT	678	Pilocarpus peruvianus
CA-08	SpeciesName	Celastraceae	Maytenus	floribunda	abergPT	1955	Maytenus floribunda
nPT_Campam_104	SpeciesName	Olacaceae	Ximenia	americana	PT	711	Ximenia americana
nPT_Bosque_481	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Machaerium	nyctitans	PT	1175	Machaerium nyctitans
nPT_Victop_372	SpeciesName	Rutaceae	Almeidea	rubra	PT	767	Almeidea rubra
TRU-04	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Schizocalyx	MJM5234	abergPP	735	Schizocalyx MJM5234
nPT_Chaqui_148	SpeciesName	Violaceae	Rinorea	viridifolia	PT	905	Rinorea viridifolia
nPT_Planor_102	SpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Myrcia	guianensis	PT	950	Myrcia guianensis
CA-09	SpeciesName	Monimiaceae	Mollinedia	repanda	abergPT	2196	Mollinedia repanda
nPP_Sanmar_23	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Psychotria	AF14766	PP	2244	Psychotria AF14766
TRU-05	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Psychotria	carthagenensis	abergPP	2223	Psychotria carthagenensis
nPT_Yariap_11	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Coffea	arabica	PT	1321	Coffea arabica
nPT_Lahoya_370	SpeciesName	Clusiaceae	Clusia	elongata	PT	1990	Clusia elongata
nPT_Rocoro_109	SpeciesName	Piperaceae	Piper	percostatum	PT	1532	Piper percostatum
nPT_Codoso_369	SpeciesName	Anacardiaceae	Tapirira	guianensis	PT	1527	Tapirira guianensis
nPP_Yarimi_9	MorphoSpeciesName	Araliaceae	Didymopanax	AF17370	PP	1515	Didymopanax AF17370
nPT_Tumupa_17	SpeciesName	Clusiaceae	Garcinia	gardneriana	PT	1248	Garcinia gardneriana
nPP_Fuerte_27	SpeciesName	Solanaceae	Saracha	punctata	PP	3470	Saracha punctata
nPT_Detras_69	SpeciesName	Araliaceae	Oreopanax	ruizii	PT	3225	Oreopanax ruizii
nPT_Aguapo_50	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Cinnamomum	AM3551	PT	2494	Cinnamomum AM3551
nPT_Arroyo_186	MorphoSpeciesName	Clusiaceae	Clusia	ILR1843	PT	2188	Clusia ILR1843
TRU-04	SpeciesName	Clethraceae	Clethra	peruviana	abergPP	2718	Clethra peruviana
nPT_Atawar_110	SpeciesName	Burseraceae	Protium	altissimum	PT	550	Protium altissimum
SP-02	SpeciesName	Malvaceae	Quararibea	wittii	abergPT	425	Quararibea wittii
nPT_Pucara_227	SpeciesName	Meliaceae	Guarea	macrophylla	PT	425	Guarea macrophylla
nPT_Bosque_116	SpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Myrciaria	floribunda	PT	1045	Myrciaria floribunda
SAI-02	SpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Myrcia	subglabra	abergPP	1400	Myrcia subglabra
nPP_Sumpul_33	SpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Eugenia	florida	PP	1790	Eugenia florida
nPT_Tamboq_138	SpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Eugenia	sericea	PT	1790	Eugenia sericea
TRU-03	SpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Chrysophyllum	argenteum	abergPP	820	Chrysophyllum argenteum
nPT_Tumupa_18	SpeciesName	Ulmaceae	Ampelocera	ruizii	PT	820	Ampelocera ruizii
nPT_Catara_327	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Dalbergia	MJM5366	PT	930	Dalbergia MJM5366
CA-10	SpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Alchornea	triplinervia	abergPT	2150	Alchornea triplinervia
TRU-08	SpeciesName	Linaceae	Roucheria	laxiflora	abergPP	1531	Roucheria laxiflora
nPT_Lambra_440	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Inga	LC4645	PT	1489	Inga LC4645
nPT_Arriba_241	SpeciesName	Symplocaceae	Symplocos	debilis	PT	1386	Symplocos debilis
nPT_Cocapu_399	SpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Serjania	lethalis	PT	1386	Serjania lethalis
nPT_Kausil_172	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Ormosia	MCM28	PT	1470	Ormosia MCM28
nPT_Chicoi_170	SpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Myrcia	fallax	PT	1430	Myrcia fallax
nPT_Aguapo_50	SpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Pouteria	bilocularis	PT	1430	Pouteria bilocularis
TRU-02	SpeciesName	Chrysobalanaceae	Hymenopus	krukovii	abergPP	1334	Hymenopus krukovii
nPT_Buenah_213	SpeciesName	Buxaceae	Styloceras	brokawii	PT	460	Styloceras brokawii
nPT_Cuchiw_119	SpeciesName	Salicaceae	Lunania	parviflora	PT	580	Lunania parviflora
nPT_Khokho_326	SpeciesName	Chrysobalanaceae	Moquilea	brittoniana	PT	530	Moquilea brittoniana
nPT_Tintay_254	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Fridericia	pearcei	PT	530	Fridericia pearcei
nPP_Chalal_6	SpeciesName	Rosaceae	Prunus	huantensis	PP	3537	Prunus huantensis
nPT_Tumupa_21	SpeciesName	Primulaceae	Myrsine	dependens	PT	3537	Myrsine dependens
nPT_Tomamo_265	SpeciesName	Moraceae	Ficus	maxima	PT	1250	Ficus maxima
nPT_Ruinas_75	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Tachigali	poeppigiana	PT	850	Tachigali poeppigiana
nPP_Lomasa_39	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Nectandra	sp14	PP	3000	Nectandra sp14
nPT_Curich_58	SpeciesName	Cunoniaceae	Weinmannia	reticulata	PT	2750	Weinmannia reticulata
nPT_Tanhua_340	MorphoSpeciesName	Cyatheaceae	Cyathea	sp26	PT	2000	Cyathea sp26
nPT_Aguapo_50	SpeciesName	Cyatheaceae	Cyathea	lechleri	PT	1800	Cyathea lechleri
nPT_Bosque_487	SpeciesName	Annonaceae	Guatteria	punctata	PT	1800	Guatteria punctata
nPP_Collpa_48	SpeciesName	Meliaceae	Guarea	kunthiana	PP	1521	Guarea kunthiana
nPT_Chicoi_170	MorphoSpeciesName	Cyatheaceae	Cyathea	sp13	PT	1250	Cyathea sp13
TRU-07	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Coussarea	brevicaulis	abergPP	1250	Coussarea brevicaulis
nPT_Ruinas_35	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	setulosa	PT	3522	Miconia setulosa
nPT_Santaa_345	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	media	PT	3627	Miconia media
nPP_Chaqui_31	MorphoSpeciesName	Clethraceae	Clethra	sp1	PP	3376	Clethra sp1
nPP_Tocoaq_28	SpeciesName	Chloranthaceae	Hedyosmum	goudotianum	PP	2548	Hedyosmum goudotianum
nPP_Pintat_5	SpeciesName	Malvaceae	Ceiba	speciosa	PP	835	Ceiba speciosa
nPT_Alsudd_248	SpeciesName	Rutaceae	Zanthoxylum	tambopatense	PT	835	Zanthoxylum tambopatense
SPD-01	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Nectandra	cissiflora	abergPP	1232	Nectandra cissiflora
TRU-01	SpeciesName	Podocarpaceae	Podocarpus	oleifolius	abergPP	1890	Podocarpus oleifolius
nPP_Hondo_1	SpeciesName	Moraceae	Brosimum	lactescens	PP	1247	Brosimum lactescens
nPP_Buenah_15	SpeciesName	Dilleniaceae	Doliocarpus	novogranatensis	PP	190	Doliocarpus novogranatensis
nPT_Sendae_371	SpeciesName	Apocynaceae	Aspidosperma	parvifolium	PT	933	Aspidosperma parvifolium
TRU-07	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Inga	edulis	abergPP	1522	Inga edulis
nPT_Frente_414	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Bathysa	australis	PT	1522	Bathysa australis
nPT_Karapa_269	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Nectandra	NCH72	PT	1538	Nectandra NCH72
nPT_Victop_374	SpeciesName	Elaeocarpaceae	Sloanea	pubescens	PT	1054	Sloanea pubescens
nPT_Palmit_144	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	dolichorrhyncha	PT	1054	Miconia dolichorrhyncha
nPP_Lomasa_39	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Ferdinandusa	chlorantha	PP	1054	Ferdinandusa chlorantha
nPT_Tamboq_140	SpeciesName	Moraceae	Ficus	americana	PT	1626	Ficus americana
nPT_Cabece_149	SpeciesName	Opiliaceae	Agonandra	excelsa	PT	1020	Agonandra excelsa
nPT_Palmar_108	SpeciesName	Meliaceae	Trichilia	catigua	PT	1020	Trichilia catigua
nPT_Tumupa_19	SpeciesName	Meliaceae	Trichilia	elegans	PT	1020	Trichilia elegans
nPP_Mamaco_3	SpeciesName	Moraceae	Sorocea	guilleminiana	PP	1223	Sorocea guilleminiana
nPT_Resina_190	SpeciesName	Anacardiaceae	Mauria	heterophylla	PT	1804	Mauria heterophylla
TU-07	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Machaerium	millei	abergPT	1804	Machaerium millei
nPP_Resina_13	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	boliviensis	PP	2889	Miconia boliviensis
nPP_Kañupa_44	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	LC3463	PP	2889	Miconia LC3463
nPP_Resina_14	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Beilschmiedia	tovarensis	PP	1400	Beilschmiedia tovarensis
nPT_Arriba_224	SpeciesName	Urticaceae	Pourouma	minor	PT	1468	Pourouma minor
SPD-02	MorphoSpeciesName	Clusiaceae	Clusia	AF14913	abergPP	2400	Clusia AF14913
nPT_Sumpul_297	SpeciesName	Chloranthaceae	Hedyosmum	lechleri	PT	2400	Hedyosmum lechleri
nPT_Buenah_218	SpeciesName	Phyllanthaceae	Hieronyma	alchorneoides	PT	362	Hieronyma alchorneoides
nPT_Cerrad_150	SpeciesName	Clusiaceae	Clusia	multiflora	PT	3035	Clusia multiflora
nPT_Panteo_202	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Amburana	cearensis	PT	1000	Amburana cearensis
nPT_Lambra_435	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Apuleia	leiocarpa	PT	1180	Apuleia leiocarpa
nPT_Laguna_38	SpeciesName	Verbenaceae	Petrea	maynensis	PT	420	Petrea maynensis
nPP_Kañupa_44	SpeciesName	Arecaceae	Socratea	exorrhiza	PP	260	Socratea exorrhiza
nPT_Culi_360	SpeciesName	Boraginaceae	Cordia	nodosa	PT	270	Cordia nodosa
nPP_Yarimi_10	SpeciesName	Clusiaceae	Chrysochlamys	macrophylla	PP	940	Chrysochlamys macrophylla
nPT_Arroyo_225	SpeciesName	Burseraceae	Protium	unifoliolatum	PT	310	Protium unifoliolatum
nPT_Tumupa_14	SpeciesName	Burseraceae	Protium	rhynchophyllum	PT	310	Protium rhynchophyllum
nPT_Palmar_108	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Fridericia	schumanniana	PT	1297	Fridericia schumanniana
nPP_Tanhua_37	SpeciesName	Burseraceae	Protium	montanum	PP	1588	Protium montanum
TRU-07	SpeciesName	Ulmaceae	Phyllostylon	rhamnoides	abergPP	651	Phyllostylon rhamnoides
nPT_Subida_226	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	polygama	PT	2663	Miconia polygama
WAY-01	MorphoSpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Sarcaulus	ETP181	abergPP	350	Sarcaulus ETP181
nPP_Tocoaq_30	SpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Siphoneugena	occidentalis	PP	1766	Siphoneugena occidentalis
QU-01	MorphoSpeciesName	Primulaceae	Myrsine	DAR264	abergPT	1735	Myrsine DAR264
nPT_Bajopp_179	SpeciesName	Erythroxylaceae	Erythroxylum	subrotundum	PT	940	Erythroxylum subrotundum
nPT_Orilla_68	SpeciesName	Celastraceae	Schaefferia	argentinensis	PT	960	Schaefferia argentinensis
nPT_Cimach_86	SpeciesName	Phyllanthaceae	Astrocasia	jacobinensis	PT	811	Astrocasia jacobinensis
nPP_Sumpul_34	SpeciesName	Arecaceae	Chamaedorea	angustisecta	PP	774	Chamaedorea angustisecta
nPT_Patasa_325	SpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Pouteria	hispida	PT	1477	Pouteria hispida
nPT_Sendae_371	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	GAT2279	PT	1324	Miconia GAT2279
nPT_Atawar_110	MorphoSpeciesName	Piperaceae	Piper	LC2689	PT	1656	Piper LC2689
nPT_Tunkul_266	SpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Myrcia	mollis	PT	2030	Myrcia mollis
nPT_Tumupa_19	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	GAT860	PT	1020	Miconia GAT860
nPT_Fuerte_268	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Amaioua	guianensis	PT	1046	Amaioua guianensis
WAY-01	SpeciesName	Siparunaceae	Siparuna	guianensis	abergPP	320	Siparuna guianensis
SP-02	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	micropetala	abergPT	2801	Miconia micropetala
nPT_Cerro1_83	SpeciesName	Ericaceae	Polyclita	turbinata	PT	2833	Polyclita turbinata
nPP_Terraz_41	SpeciesName	Cunoniaceae	Weinmannia	parvifolia	PP	2985	Weinmannia parvifolia
nPP_Tapuri_45	SpeciesName	Cyatheaceae	Cyathea	squamipes	PP	2985	Cyathea squamipes
nPT_Piara_395	MorphoSpeciesName	Symplocaceae	Symplocos	GAT2760	PT	3187	Symplocos GAT2760
nPT_Tumupa_22	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Nectandra	CMG2353	PT	360	Nectandra CMG2353
nPP_Javill_18	MorphoSpeciesName	Solanaceae	Cestrum	LC3589	PP	2698	Cestrum LC3589
nPT_Tapuri_407	SpeciesName	Ericaceae	Gaultheria	reticulata	PT	2419	Gaultheria reticulata
TRU-06	SpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Myrcia	paivae	abergPP	2419	Myrcia paivae
nPT_Fuerte_271	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Swartzia	CMG2219	PT	596	Swartzia CMG2219
nPT_Culi_356	SpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Aparisthmium	cordatum	PT	1239	Aparisthmium cordatum
ACJ-01	SpeciesName	Moraceae	Pseudolmedia	rigida	abergPP	1469	Pseudolmedia rigida
RE-01	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	punctata	abergPT	1469	Miconia punctata
nPP_Tocoaq_30	SpeciesName	Myristicaceae	Otoba	glycycarpa	PP	280	Otoba glycycarpa
nPT_Tanhua_340	SpeciesName	Clusiaceae	Symphonia	globulifera	PT	424	Symphonia globulifera
nPT_Resina_187	MorphoSpeciesName	Myristicaceae	Virola	AEC312	PT	1017	Virola AEC312
nPT_Cimade_195	MorphoSpeciesName	Gesneriaceae	Besleria	LC2594	PT	1752	Besleria LC2594
nPT_Yuyo_155	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Bignonia	nocturna	PT	232	Bignonia nocturna
nPT_Laaltu_61	MorphoSpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Talisia	LC1776	PT	679	Talisia LC1776
nPT_Cabece_255	SpeciesName	Trigoniaceae	Trigonia	boliviana	PT	827	Trigonia boliviana
nPP_Sanmar_23	SpeciesName	Clethraceae	Clethra	cardenasii	PP	3076	Clethra cardenasii
nPT_Resina_198	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Nectandra	acutifolia	PT	1750	Nectandra acutifolia
nPT_Santaa_348	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Lonchocarpus	ALM115	PT	1036	Lonchocarpus ALM115
nPP_Sumpul_33	SpeciesName	Celastraceae	Salacia	macrantha	PP	340	Salacia macrantha
nPP_Terraz_41	SpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Thinouia	compressa	PP	923	Thinouia compressa
nPT_Lahoya_370	MorphoSpeciesName	Meliaceae	Guarea	PCL99	PT	400	Guarea PCL99
nPT_Piara_390	SpeciesName	Aquifoliaceae	Ilex	sessiliflora	PT	3243	Ilex sessiliflora
nPT_Arroyo_225	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Psychotria	GAT1163	PT	2045	Psychotria GAT1163
nPT_Piedem_103	SpeciesName	Piperaceae	Piper	bolivianum	PT	2045	Piper bolivianum
nPP_Tapuri_46	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	AF17614A	PP	2203	Miconia AF17614A
nPT_Santaa_347	SpeciesName	Piperaceae	Piper	mercens	PT	2203	Piper mercens
nPP_Mamaco_3	MorphoSpeciesName	Araliaceae	Sciodaphyllum	AF11185	PP	1452	Sciodaphyllum AF11185
nPP_Titiri_42	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Dussia	tessmannii	PP	360	Dussia tessmannii
AP-01	SpeciesName	Picramniaceae	Picramnia	spruceana	abergPT	300	Picramnia spruceana
nPT_Piedem_103	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	olivacea	PT	1489	Ocotea olivacea
nPT_Cimaas_125	SpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Sapium	marmieri	PT	361	Sapium marmieri
nPT_Chicoi_170	SpeciesName	Primulaceae	Cybianthus	lepidotus	PT	1859	Cybianthus lepidotus
nPP_Javill_18	SpeciesName	Aquifoliaceae	Ilex	petiolaris	PP	1070	Ilex petiolaris
nPT_Buenah_207	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Axinaea	glandulosa	PT	2866	Axinaea glandulosa
nPT_Virgen_151	SpeciesName	Chloranthaceae	Hedyosmum	dombeyanum	PT	2821	Hedyosmum dombeyanum
nPP_Lechem_50	SpeciesName	Campanulaceae	Siphocampylus	orbignianus	PP	2987	Siphocampylus orbignianus
nPP_Chaqui_31	SpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Eugenia	ligustrina	PP	1217	Eugenia ligustrina
nPT_Culi_355	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Luetzelburgia	andina	PT	1217	Luetzelburgia andina
nPP_Buenah_16	SpeciesName	Moraceae	Poulsenia	armata	PP	335	Poulsenia armata
ESP-01	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	albida	abergPP	2000	Ocotea albida
nPT_Planop_82	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Psychotria	reticulata	PT	2000	Psychotria reticulata
nPT_Victop_379	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	ECQ22	PT	3007	Miconia ECQ22
nPP_Heatht_8	SpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Eugenia	egensis	PP	1180	Eugenia egensis
nPT_Laurel_426	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Bauhinia	tuichiensis	PT	1180	Bauhinia tuichiensis
nPT_Karapa_269	SpeciesName	Violaceae	Leonia	glycycarpa	PT	780	Leonia glycycarpa
nPT_Resina_193	SpeciesName	Solanaceae	Solanum	daphnophyllum	PT	735	Solanum daphnophyllum
nPT_Cimaar_230	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Diplotropis	MJM6290	PT	950	Diplotropis MJM6290
nPT_Detras_69	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Ladenbergia	oblongifolia	PT	950	Ladenbergia oblongifolia
nPT_Orilla_129	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Nectandra	megapotamica	PT	660	Nectandra megapotamica
nPT_Sumpul_297	SpeciesName	Piperaceae	Piper	secundum	PT	2455	Piper secundum
nPT_Buenah_211	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Psychotria	GAT2869	PT	2281	Psychotria GAT2869
nPT_Santar_421	SpeciesName	Piperaceae	Piper	bangii	PT	2169	Piper bangii
TU-01	SpeciesName	Actinidiaceae	Saurauia	glabra	abergPT	2139	Saurauia glabra
nPT_Cuchiw_119	SpeciesName	Asteraceae	Critoniopsis	boliviana	PT	2196	Critoniopsis boliviana
nPT_Tintay_252	MorphoSpeciesName	Vochysiaceae	Erisma	NCH237	PT	1451	Erisma NCH237
nPT_Perfil_78	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Dalbergia	spruceana	PT	1321	Dalbergia spruceana
nPT_Tequej_26	SpeciesName	Clusiaceae	Garcinia	macrophylla	PT	1321	Garcinia macrophylla
nPP_Sanmar_21	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	AF7149	PP	1075	Miconia AF7149
PAN-03	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Psychotria	GAT1333	abergPP	1515	Psychotria GAT1333
nPT_Piara_388	MorphoSpeciesName	Clusiaceae	Clusia	AF17295	PT	1616	Clusia AF17295
nPT_Arriba_224	SpeciesName	Polygonaceae	Coccoloba	mollis	PT	1469	Coccoloba mollis
nPT_Cuchiw_119	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Ixora	brevifolia	PT	1271	Ixora brevifolia
nPP_Sanmar_21	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Hymenaea	courbaril	PP	1042	Hymenaea courbaril
nPT_Wayrap_166	SpeciesName	Clusiaceae	Clusia	trochiformis	PT	2552	Clusia trochiformis
nPP_Resina_14	SpeciesName	Buxaceae	Styloceras	columnare	PP	1750	Styloceras columnare
nPT_Corana_310	MorphoSpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Cupania	CMG2731	PT	1737	Cupania CMG2731
nPP_Fuerte_26	SpeciesName	Theaceae	Gordonia	fruticosa	PP	2729	Gordonia fruticosa
nPT_Tamboq_136	SpeciesName	Cunoniaceae	Weinmannia	pinnata	PT	2718	Weinmannia pinnata
nPT_Fuerte_267	SpeciesName	Opiliaceae	Agonandra	peruviana	PT	515	Agonandra peruviana
nPT_Piara_389	SpeciesName	Siparunaceae	Siparuna	bifida	PT	455	Siparuna bifida
nPP_Chaqui_32	MorphoSpeciesName	Phyllanthaceae	Croizatia	AF10941	PP	1400	Croizatia AF10941
nPT_Cimace_231	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Coussarea	boliviensis	PT	1400	Coussarea boliviensis
AC-01	SpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Myrcia	splendens	abergPT	840	Myrcia splendens
nPT_Rioubi_221	SpeciesName	Meliaceae	Trichilia	inaequilatera	PT	840	Trichilia inaequilatera
nPT_Paltuy_167	SpeciesName	Chrysobalanaceae	Licania	kunthiana	PT	925	Licania kunthiana
nPT_Laaltu_61	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Palicourea	tristis	PT	2150	Palicourea tristis
nPT_Kausil_172	SpeciesName	Clusiaceae	Clusia	pachamamae	PT	2150	Clusia pachamamae
nPT_Cocapu_400	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Pleurothyrium	LC4542	PT	1489	Pleurothyrium LC4542
nPT_Wayrap_166	SpeciesName	Menispermaceae	Orthomene	schomburgkii	PT	1224	Orthomene schomburgkii
nPT_Corana_312	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Inga	thibaudiana	PT	1299	Inga thibaudiana
nPT_Ruinas_75	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Tachigali	AF18416	PT	1300	Tachigali AF18416
nPT_Tolar2_154	SpeciesName	Moraceae	Perebea	angustifolia	PT	460	Perebea angustifolia
nPT_Infier_476	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Ixora	peruviana	PT	530	Ixora peruviana
nPP_Heatht_8	SpeciesName	Asteraceae	Gynoxys	pillahuatensis	PP	3625	Gynoxys pillahuatensis
nPP_Tanhua_37	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	alpina	PP	3625	Miconia alpina
nPP_Yarimi_10	MorphoSpeciesName	Urticaceae	Cecropia	sp3	PP	1250	Cecropia sp3
nPT_Solida_97	SpeciesName	Cunoniaceae	Weinmannia	bangii	PT	2890	Weinmannia bangii
nPP_Buenah_17	SpeciesName	Urticaceae	Pourouma	mollis	PP	850	Pourouma mollis
CA-08	SpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Pouteria	simulans	abergPT	850	Pouteria simulans
nPT_Victop_375	SpeciesName	Monimiaceae	Mollinedia	lanceolata	PT	1750	Mollinedia lanceolata
nPT_Pichan_234	MorphoSpeciesName	Cyatheaceae	Cyathea	sp18	PT	1750	Cyathea sp18
nPT_Culi_359	SpeciesName	Araliaceae	Dendropanax	arboreus	PT	1000	Dendropanax arboreus
nPT_Arroyo_85	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	crassistigma	PT	3450	Miconia crassistigma
nPT_Piara_387	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	brevistylis	PT	2750	Miconia brevistylis
nPT_Ruinas_32	SpeciesName	Rosaceae	Prunus	pleiantha	PT	2500	Prunus pleiantha
nPP_Collpa_48	SpeciesName	Cyatheaceae	Cyathea	delgadii	PP	2500	Cyathea delgadii
nPP_Heatht_8	MorphoSpeciesName	Cyatheaceae	Cyathea	sp8	PP	2250	Cyathea sp8
CA-05	MorphoSpeciesName	Cyatheaceae	Cyathea	sp3	abergPT	2000	Cyathea sp3
nPP_Chiriu_2	SpeciesName	Cyatheaceae	Cyathea	caracasana	PP	1800	Cyathea caracasana
TU-06	MorphoSpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Eugenia	sp4	abergPT	425	Eugenia sp4
TRU-01	SpeciesName	Staphyleaceae	Turpinia	occidentalis	abergPP	1521	Turpinia occidentalis
nPT_Bosque_116	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	cretacea	PT	1521	Miconia cretacea
CA-08	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Coussarea	ecuadorensis	abergPT	1521	Coussarea ecuadorensis
nPP_Chaqui_31	SpeciesName	Moraceae	Trophis	caucana	PP	1250	Trophis caucana
SPD-01	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	dolicorrhyncha	abergPP	3030	Miconia dolicorrhyncha
nPP_Waturu_43	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Nectandra	sp78	PP	2750	Nectandra sp78
nPT_Santaa_346	SpeciesName	Cunoniaceae	Weinmannia	mariquitae	PT	2676	Weinmannia mariquitae
nPT_Tanhua_341	SpeciesName	Alzateaceae	Alzatea	verticillata	PT	2110	Alzatea verticillata
nPT_Aguapo_50	SpeciesName	Symplocaceae	Symplocos	nana	PT	3528	Symplocos nana
nPT_Aguapo_53	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Psychotria	conephoroides	PT	2024	Psychotria conephoroides
nPT_Bajopp_179	SpeciesName	Clusiaceae	Clusia	alata	PT	3350	Clusia alata
nPP_Tocoaq_30	MorphoSpeciesName	Piperaceae	Piper	sp4	PP	2449	Piper sp4
nPT_Palmit_93	SpeciesName	Aquifoliaceae	Ilex	villosula	PT	1970	Ilex villosula
nPT_Tintay_252	SpeciesName	Rosaceae	Prunus	integrifolia	PT	2872	Prunus integrifolia
nPT_Santaa_328	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Blakea	multiflora	PT	1890	Blakea multiflora
nPT_Ladera_132	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	floribunda	PT	1900	Ocotea floribunda
nPP_Buenah_17	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Nectandra	pulverulenta	PP	175	Nectandra pulverulenta
TRU-08	SpeciesName	Moraceae	Clarisia	biflora	abergPP	175	Clarisia biflora
nPP_Resina_14	SpeciesName	Arecaceae	Attalea	phalerata	PP	280	Attalea phalerata
TU-02	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Endlicheria	paniculata	abergPT	1538	Endlicheria paniculata
nPT_Tintay_250	SpeciesName	Chrysobalanaceae	Licania	boliviensis	PT	1538	Licania boliviensis
nPT_Orilla_130	SpeciesName	Achatocarpaceae	Achatocarpus	praecox	PT	880	Achatocarpus praecox
nPT_Ovituy_200	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Anadenanthera	colubrina	PT	662	Anadenanthera colubrina
nPT_Tumupa_22	SpeciesName	Urticaceae	Coussapoa	manuensis	PT	1100	Coussapoa manuensis
TRU-08	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	AF14626	abergPP	1250	Miconia AF14626
nPT_Eslabo_157	SpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Sarcaulus	brasiliensis	PT	1450	Sarcaulus brasiliensis
CAL-01	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Myrocarpus	venezuelensis	abergPP	1005	Myrocarpus venezuelensis
nPT_Aguapo_52	MorphoSpeciesName	Phyllanthaceae	Hieronyma	GAT658	PT	1993	Hieronyma GAT658
nPT_Palcas_428	SpeciesName	Cunoniaceae	Weinmannia	sorbifolia	PT	2369	Weinmannia sorbifolia
nPT_Lambra_440	SpeciesName	Hypericaceae	Vismia	rusbyi	PT	2369	Vismia rusbyi
nPT_Lahoya_370	MorphoSpeciesName	Phyllanthaceae	Croizatia	NCH25	PT	1468	Croizatia NCH25
nPT_Bosque_484	SpeciesName	Chrysobalanaceae	Hirtella	bullata	PT	260	Hirtella bullata
nPP_Yarimi_11	SpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Eugenia	tapacumensis	PP	1824	Eugenia tapacumensis
nPT_Cerros_182	SpeciesName	Columelliaceae	Desfontainia	spinosa	PT	3393	Desfontainia spinosa
nPT_Sendac_90	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Inga	alba	PT	1414	Inga alba
nPT_Mutune_237	SpeciesName	Primulaceae	Ardisia	guianensis	PT	194	Ardisia guianensis
SPD-01	SpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Sebastiania	brasiliensis	abergPP	960	Sebastiania brasiliensis
nPT_Colome_63	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Machaerium	latifolium	PT	1075	Machaerium latifolium
PAN-02	SpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Actinostemon	schomburgkii	abergPP	811	Actinostemon schomburgkii
nPT_Tanhua_343	SpeciesName	Capparaceae	Cynophalla	polyantha	PT	974	Cynophalla polyantha
nPT_Podoca_386	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Rudgea	tomentosa	PT	1656	Rudgea tomentosa
nPT_Piecer_183	SpeciesName	Piperaceae	Piper	crassinervium	PT	2419	Piper crassinervium
nPT_Tintay_252	SpeciesName	Araliaceae	Oreopanax	steinbachianus	PT	2419	Oreopanax steinbachianus
SP-04	SpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Maprounea	guianensis	abergPT	1066	Maprounea guianensis
nPP_Mamaco_3	SpeciesName	Marcgraviaceae	Sarcopera	oxystylis	PP	2030	Sarcopera oxystylis
nPT_Culi_360	SpeciesName	Primulaceae	Myrsine	andina	PT	2200	Myrsine andina
nPP_Titiri_42	SpeciesName	Symplocaceae	Symplocos	fimbriata	PP	3579	Symplocos fimbriata
nPT_Quebra_115	MorphoSpeciesName	Aquifoliaceae	Ilex	LC3526	PT	3576	Ilex LC3526
PAN-03	MorphoSpeciesName	Polygonaceae	Coccoloba	AM2159	abergPP	893	Coccoloba AM2159
nPP_Chalal_6	SpeciesName	Clethraceae	Clethra	scabra	PP	2985	Clethra scabra
CA-01	MorphoSpeciesName	Cunoniaceae	Weinmannia	LC3488B	abergPT	3075	Weinmannia LC3488B
nPT_Aguapo_53	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	dodecandra	PT	1685	Miconia dodecandra
nPT_Cocapu_399	SpeciesName	Annonaceae	Guatteria	ucayalina	PT	1239	Guatteria ucayalina
nPP_Buenah_17	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	AF17127	PP	1367	Miconia AF17127
nPT_Bosque_480	SpeciesName	Clusiaceae	Clusia	ducu	PT	2010	Clusia ducu
nPP_Tapuri_45	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Pogonopus	tubulosus	PP	915	Pogonopus tubulosus
nPP_Sanmar_22	SpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Chrysophyllum	gonocarpum	PP	1145	Chrysophyllum gonocarpum
WAY-01	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	tomentosa	abergPP	349	Miconia tomentosa
nPP_Sumpul_33	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Bignonia	hyacinthina	PP	1017	Bignonia hyacinthina
nPP_Tapuri_45	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Palicourea	conephoroides	PP	1537	Palicourea conephoroides
nPT_Bosque_481	SpeciesName	Pentaphylacaceae	Freziera	apolobambensis	PT	3243	Freziera apolobambensis
nPT_Paripa_429	SpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Eugenia	heterochroma	PT	320	Eugenia heterochroma
nPT_Piara_392	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	theaezans	PT	2251	Miconia theaezans
WAY-01	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	comata	abergPP	2251	Ocotea comata
nPT_Buenah_218	SpeciesName	Ericaceae	Psammisia	coarctata	PT	1519	Psammisia coarctata
nPT_Podoca_386	SpeciesName	Annonaceae	Cremastosperma	leiophyllum	PT	340	Cremastosperma leiophyllum
nPT_Arriba_224	SpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Croton	beetlei	PT	972	Croton beetlei
nPT_Victop_373	MorphoSpeciesName	Rutaceae	Amyris	VTF36	PT	843	Amyris VTF36
nPT_Resina_193	MorphoSpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Manihot	DC99	PT	1031	Manihot DC99
nPT_Yariap_3	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Zygia	latifolia	PT	338	Zygia latifolia
nPP_Fuerte_26	MorphoSpeciesName	Nyctaginaceae	Neea	AF11395	PP	313	Neea AF11395
nPT_Paltuy_167	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Psychotria	GAT2318	PT	2802	Psychotria GAT2318
nPT_Buenah_209	SpeciesName	Solanaceae	Solanum	ochrophyllum	PT	3061	Solanum ochrophyllum
TU-07	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Dalbergia	frutescens	abergPT	335	Dalbergia frutescens
nPT_Aguapo_50	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	lilacina	PT	1936	Miconia lilacina
nPP_Lechem_49	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Bignonia	uleana	PP	773	Bignonia uleana
nPT_Victop_375	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Senegalia	riparia	PT	1175	Senegalia riparia
nPT_Paltuy_167	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Parapiptadenia	excelsa	PT	1034	Parapiptadenia excelsa
nPP_Collpa_48	MorphoSpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Chrysophyllum	LC1660	PP	1034	Chrysophyllum LC1660
nPP_Yarimi_10	SpeciesName	Apocynaceae	Forsteronia	pubescens	PP	767	Forsteronia pubescens
nPT_Piara_390	SpeciesName	Lecythidaceae	Eschweilera	coriacea	PT	735	Eschweilera coriacea
SP-03	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Amphilophium	mansoanum	abergPT	925	Amphilophium mansoanum
CAL-01	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	multispicata	abergPP	1045	Miconia multispicata
nPT_Ladera_132	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Chomelia	tenuiflora	PT	1045	Chomelia tenuiflora
nPT_Frente_247	SpeciesName	Burseraceae	Protium	spruceanum	PT	950	Protium spruceanum
nPT_Rumi_424	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Endlicheria	formosa	PT	905	Endlicheria formosa
nPP_Terraz_41	MorphoSpeciesName	Actinidiaceae	Saurauia	LC2601	PP	2228	Saurauia LC2601
nPT_Tequej_26	SpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Eugenia	uniflora	PT	1212	Eugenia uniflora
nPP_Resina_13	SpeciesName	Primulaceae	Cybianthus	guyanensis	PP	1469	Cybianthus guyanensis
nPT_Bosque_116	SpeciesName	Malpighiaceae	Tetrapterys	styloptera	PT	1090	Tetrapterys styloptera
nPT_Ladera_128	SpeciesName	Meliaceae	Trichilia	pallida	PT	1297	Trichilia pallida
nPT_Ladera_127	SpeciesName	Cannabaceae	Celtis	iguanaea	PT	1000	Celtis iguanaea
nPT_Aguapo_54	SpeciesName	Sabiaceae	Meliosma	petalodentata	PT	1737	Meliosma petalodentata
SPD-01	SpeciesName	Urticaceae	Urera	caracasana	abergPP	1972	Urera caracasana
nPT_Cuchiw_119	SpeciesName	Myricaceae	Morella	pubescens	PT	2392	Morella pubescens
nPT_Culi_356	SpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Alchornea	grandiflora	PT	2729	Alchornea grandiflora
nPT_Paripa_429	SpeciesName	Rutaceae	Metrodorea	flavida	PT	550	Metrodorea flavida
nPP_Chirim_19	SpeciesName	Elaeocarpaceae	Sloanea	fendleriana	PP	1527	Sloanea fendleriana
nPT_Sector_263	SpeciesName	Combretaceae	Combretum	fruticosum	PT	820	Combretum fruticosum
nPT_Ladera_185	SpeciesName	Salicaceae	Hasseltia	floribunda	PT	840	Hasseltia floribunda
nPT_Ppmtsu_81	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Adenocalymma	impressum	PT	950	Adenocalymma impressum
nPT_Sumpul_307	MorphoSpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Pouteria	MJM5161	PT	840	Pouteria MJM5161
nPT_Palca_425	SpeciesName	Malvaceae	Pseudobombax	septenatum	PT	810	Pseudobombax septenatum
nPT_Piara_390	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Fridericia	patellifera	PT	1493	Fridericia patellifera
nPP_Tanhua_38	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Coussarea	rudgeoides	PP	1386	Coussarea rudgeoides
nPT_Piara_391	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Machaerium	GAT1801	PT	1371	Machaerium GAT1801
TRU-08	SpeciesName	Apocynaceae	Himatanthus	articulatus	abergPP	610	Himatanthus articulatus
nPP_Javill_18	SpeciesName	Araliaceae	Oreopanax	rusbyi	PP	3765	Oreopanax rusbyi
nPP_Buenah_16	SpeciesName	Capparaceae	Preslianthus	pittieri	PP	940	Preslianthus pittieri
TRU-02	MorphoSpeciesName	Phyllanthaceae	Hieronyma	sp3	abergPP	1500	Hieronyma sp3
nPT_Despue_65	SpeciesName	Cunoniaceae	Weinmannia	cochensis	PT	3450	Weinmannia cochensis
nPP_Heatht_8	SpeciesName	Cyatheaceae	Cyathea	divergens	PP	2750	Cyathea divergens
nPT_Bosque_486	SpeciesName	Cyatheaceae	Cyathea	carolihenrici	PT	2250	Cyathea carolihenrici
nPT_Tanhua_343	SpeciesName	Clusiaceae	Clusia	thurifera	PT	2250	Clusia thurifera
nPP_Resina_12	SpeciesName	Araliaceae	Oreopanax	capitatus	PP	2250	Oreopanax capitatus
nPP_Titiri_42	MorphoSpeciesName	Clusiaceae	Clusia	sp6	PP	1800	Clusia sp6
nPT_Rumi_424	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Graffenrieda	cucullata	PT	1800	Graffenrieda cucullata
nPT_Tolar2_154	SpeciesName	Ericaceae	Bejaria	aestuans	PT	3000	Bejaria aestuans
nPP_Tuichi_4	SpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Senefeldera	inclinata	PP	425	Senefeldera inclinata
nPP_Sanmar_22	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Pleurothyrium	sp2	PP	1521	Pleurothyrium sp2
nPT_Resina_193	SpeciesName	Annonaceae	Klarobelia	napoensis	PT	1250	Klarobelia napoensis
nPT_Fragme_77	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	sp5	PT	3473	Miconia sp5
nPT_Victop_372	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	sp48	PT	2750	Miconia sp48
nPT_Sumpul_301	SpeciesName	Moraceae	Ficus	trigona	PT	1983	Ficus trigona
nPT_Ruinas_35	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	sp50	PT	1983	Miconia sp50
nPT_Lambra_440	SpeciesName	Celastraceae	Maytenus	verticillata	PT	3528	Maytenus verticillata
nPT_Palca_425	SpeciesName	Ericaceae	Cavendishia	bracteata	PT	3385	Cavendishia bracteata
TRU-02	MorphoSpeciesName	Aquifoliaceae	Ilex	sp11	abergPP	3521	Ilex sp11
nPP_Lechem_49	SpeciesName	Symplocaceae	Symplocos	psiloclada	PP	3407	Symplocos psiloclada
nPT_Resina_187	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	sp63	PT	1601	Miconia sp63
nPT_Tamboq_140	MorphoSpeciesName	Clusiaceae	Clusia	sp1	PT	3389	Clusia sp1
TRU-04	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Dolichandra	unguis-cati	abergPP	1150	Dolichandra unguis-cati
nPT_Piecer_183	SpeciesName	Elaeocarpaceae	Sloanea	fragrans	PT	400	Sloanea fragrans
nPT_Santar_422	SpeciesName	Pentaphylacaceae	Ternstroemia	subserrata	PT	2872	Ternstroemia subserrata
nPP_Tanhua_37	SpeciesName	Cunoniaceae	Weinmannia	haenkeana	PP	2872	Weinmannia haenkeana
nPT_Cochay_205	SpeciesName	Monimiaceae	Mollinedia	ovata	PT	2000	Mollinedia ovata
nPP_Fuerte_26	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Cinchona	pubescens	PP	2000	Cinchona pubescens
nPT_Buenah_207	SpeciesName	Primulaceae	Myrsine	pellucida	PT	2000	Myrsine pellucida
nPP_Heathi_7	SpeciesName	Dicksoniaceae	Dicksonia	sellowiana	PP	1900	Dicksonia sellowiana
CA-05	SpeciesName	Urticaceae	Cecropia	angustifolia	abergPT	1900	Cecropia angustifolia
nPT_Arriba_241	SpeciesName	Annonaceae	Xylopia	peruviana	PT	175	Xylopia peruviana
TRU-06	SpeciesName	Myristicaceae	Virola	sebifera	abergPP	175	Virola sebifera
nPT_Chicoi_169	SpeciesName	Arecaceae	Oenocarpus	bataua	PT	190	Oenocarpus bataua
nPT_Cocapu_402	SpeciesName	Lecythidaceae	Bertholletia	excelsa	PT	190	Bertholletia excelsa
nPT_Cerro2_84	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Platymiscium	pinnatum	PT	280	Platymiscium pinnatum
nPP_Charop_47	SpeciesName	Polygonaceae	Ruprechtia	laxiflora	PP	933	Ruprechtia laxiflora
nPT_Piara_393	SpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Hevea	guianensis	PT	1242	Hevea guianensis
nPT_Arroyo_256	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	puberula	PT	1242	Ocotea puberula
TU-09	SpeciesName	Moraceae	Helicostylis	tomentosa	abergPT	1054	Helicostylis tomentosa
nPT_Camino_95	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	poeppigii	PT	1054	Miconia poeppigii
CAL-02	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Nectandra	JCS9565	abergPP	1054	Nectandra JCS9565
nPT_Tanhua_339	SpeciesName	Lamiaceae	Hyptidendron	arboreum	PT	1626	Hyptidendron arboreum
nPT_Ruinas_30	MorphoSpeciesName	Salicaceae	Casearia	LC386	PT	1626	Casearia LC386
nPP_Yarimi_9	SpeciesName	Anacardiaceae	Myracrodruon	urundeuva	PP	880	Myracrodruon urundeuva
nPP_Kañupa_44	SpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Myrcianthes	mato	PP	1020	Myrcianthes mato
nPP_Tintay_25	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	ETP63	PP	1100	Ocotea ETP63
nPT_Corana_310	SpeciesName	Apocynaceae	Aspidosperma	rigidum	PT	1250	Aspidosperma rigidum
nPT_Juanul_233	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Cryptocarya	RS7155	PT	1450	Cryptocarya RS7155
TRU-01	SpeciesName	Polygonaceae	Triplaris	efistulifera	abergPP	1450	Triplaris efistulifera
nPT_Encuen_47	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	oblonga	PT	1223	Ocotea oblonga
nPT_Sobrep_94	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	ALM253	PT	1223	Ocotea ALM253
nPP_Titiri_42	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Nectandra	AF7278	PP	1223	Nectandra AF7278
nPT_Yariap_4	SpeciesName	Malvaceae	Eriotheca	macrophylla	PT	1223	Eriotheca macrophylla
nPT_Corana_311	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Graffenrieda	FB64	PT	1993	Graffenrieda FB64
nPT_Ladera_127	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Persea	pseudofasciculata	PT	1993	Persea pseudofasciculata
nPT_Tintay_254	SpeciesName	Chloranthaceae	Hedyosmum	angustifolium	PT	1804	Hedyosmum angustifolium
nPT_Yariap_3	SpeciesName	Araliaceae	Didymopanax	vinosus	PT	1468	Didymopanax vinosus
nPT_Orilla_130	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	LC3806	PT	2859	Ocotea LC3806
nPT_Puente_383	SpeciesName	Moraceae	Helicostylis	tovarensis	PT	2200	Helicostylis tovarensis
nPT_Terraz_171	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Persea	AF12248	PT	2200	Persea AF12248
nPT_Buenah_211	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Cinchona	calisaya	PT	2200	Cinchona calisaya
TON-01	SpeciesName	Araliaceae	Sciodaphyllum	herzogii	abergPP	2200	Sciodaphyllum herzogii
nPT_Cocapu_401	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	incachacana	PT	2400	Miconia incachacana
nPP_Tintay_25	SpeciesName	Cyatheaceae	Cyathea	leucolepismata	PP	362	Cyathea leucolepismata
nPT_Santaa_347	SpeciesName	Apocynaceae	Aspidosperma	macrocarpon	PT	1180	Aspidosperma macrocarpon
nPT_Santar_419	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	bofo	PT	1180	Ocotea bofo
nPT_Paltuy_167	SpeciesName	Cannabaceae	Celtis	loxensis	PT	850	Celtis loxensis
nPT_Cocapu_402	SpeciesName	Nyctaginaceae	Neea	hermaphrodita	PT	850	Neea hermaphrodita
nPT_Ultima_232	SpeciesName	Malpighiaceae	Niedenzuella	acutifolia	PT	400	Niedenzuella acutifolia
nPT_Sumpul_299	SpeciesName	Moraceae	Batocarpus	costaricensis	PT	260	Batocarpus costaricensis
nPP_Tintay_24	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Bignonia	bracteomana	PP	270	Bignonia bracteomana
nPT_Palmar_161	SpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Pouteria	torta	PT	310	Pouteria torta
nPT_Jurita_381	SpeciesName	Malvaceae	Pentaplaris	davidsmithii	PT	310	Pentaplaris davidsmithii
nPP_Tanhua_38	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Nectandra	cuneatocordata	PP	470	Nectandra cuneatocordata
PAN-01	SpeciesName	Moraceae	Maclura	brasiliensis	abergPP	724	Maclura brasiliensis
nPT_Bosque_487	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Senegalia	parviceps	PT	724	Senegalia parviceps
nPT_Corana_313	SpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Pimenta	pseudocaryophyllus	PT	1824	Pimenta pseudocaryophyllus
nPT_Cerros_182	SpeciesName	Celastraceae	Maytenus	conferta	PT	3393	Maytenus conferta
TON-02	SpeciesName	Nyctaginaceae	Bougainvillea	modesta	abergPP	699	Bougainvillea modesta
nPT_Tomamo_265	SpeciesName	Celastraceae	Salacia	cordata	PT	1351	Salacia cordata
nPT_Laaltu_62	SpeciesName	Arecaceae	Geonoma	orbignyana	PT	1654	Geonoma orbignyana
TON-01	SpeciesName	Salicaceae	Casearia	gossypiosperma	abergPP	992	Casearia gossypiosperma
nPT_Ajusuc_168	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Uncaria	tomentosa	PT	330	Uncaria tomentosa
nPT_Karapa_269	SpeciesName	Arecaceae	Astrocaryum	murumuru	PT	310	Astrocaryum murumuru
nPP_Buenah_16	SpeciesName	Adoxaceae	Viburnum	seemenii	PP	1766	Viburnum seemenii
nPT_Planor_102	SpeciesName	Solanaceae	Solanum	lindenii	PT	1766	Solanum lindenii
nPP_Charop_47	SpeciesName	Malvaceae	Luehea	splendens	PP	1735	Luehea splendens
SPD-01	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Dalbergia	TMG670	abergPP	1650	Dalbergia TMG670
nPT_Cimapp_126	SpeciesName	Cannabaceae	Celtis	schippii	PT	203	Celtis schippii
nPT_Piara_390	SpeciesName	Petiveriaceae	Seguieria	aculeata	PT	960	Seguieria aculeata
nPT_Cocapu_403	SpeciesName	Malvaceae	Ceiba	boliviana	PT	1170	Ceiba boliviana
nPT_Yariap_9	MorphoSpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Eugenia	AM2539	PT	881	Eugenia AM2539
nPP_Resina_14	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Dolichandra	quadrivalvis	PP	774	Dolichandra quadrivalvis
nPT_Victop_380	SpeciesName	Rutaceae	Rauia	resinosa	PT	798	Rauia resinosa
nPT_Buenah_217	SpeciesName	Amaranthaceae	Hebanthe	occidentalis	PT	798	Hebanthe occidentalis
nPP_Tintay_25	SpeciesName	Vochysiaceae	Vochysia	boliviana	PP	1324	Vochysia boliviana
nPT_Sumpul_300	SpeciesName	Celastraceae	Cheiloclinium	cognatum	PT	1324	Cheiloclinium cognatum
nPT_Palmar_161	SpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Myrcia	sylvatica	PT	1656	Myrcia sylvatica
nPT_Ruinas_75	SpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Croton	pilulifer	PT	1656	Croton pilulifer
nPP_Resina_13	SpeciesName	Urticaceae	Urera	laciniata	PP	1219	Urera laciniata
TRU-06	SpeciesName	Aquifoliaceae	Ilex	goudotii	abergPP	2200	Ilex goudotii
RE-03	SpeciesName	Primulaceae	Cybianthus	laetus	abergPT	2200	Cybianthus laetus
SPD-01	SpeciesName	Anacardiaceae	Schinopsis	brasiliensis	abergPP	1316	Schinopsis brasiliensis
nPT_Arroyo_85	MorphoSpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Myrcia	AAD771	PT	1046	Myrcia AAD771
nPT_Tanhua_341	SpeciesName	Gentianaceae	Macrocarpaea	cinchonifolia	PT	2360	Macrocarpaea cinchonifolia
nPT_Ladera_88	MorphoSpeciesName	Clusiaceae	Clusia	AF5052	PT	2360	Clusia AF5052
nPP_Tintay_24	MorphoSpeciesName	Primulaceae	Myrsine	AM3700	PP	2360	Myrsine AM3700
nPT_Orilla_129	SpeciesName	Clusiaceae	Garcinia	madruno	PT	435	Garcinia madruno
nPT_Santaa_345	SpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Pouteria	longifolia	PT	435	Pouteria longifolia
nPT_Ovituy_200	SpeciesName	Pentaphylacaceae	Freziera	uncinata	PT	2985	Freziera uncinata
nPT_Chicoi_170	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	AF8768	PT	3021	Miconia AF8768
CA-04	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	flavescens	abergPT	3021	Miconia flavescens
nPT_Perfil_78	SpeciesName	Rosaceae	Prunus	stipulata	PT	3087	Prunus stipulata
nPP_Collpa_48	SpeciesName	Podocarpaceae	Podocarpus	rusbyi	PP	3087	Podocarpus rusbyi
nPP_Yarimi_11	MorphoSpeciesName	Aquifoliaceae	Ilex	GAT2758	PP	3087	Ilex GAT2758
nPT_Victop_375	SpeciesName	Violaceae	Rinorea	apiculata	PT	360	Rinorea apiculata
nPP_Sumpul_34	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Ladenbergia	carua	PP	1685	Ladenbergia carua
nPT_Tumupa_21	SpeciesName	Chloranthaceae	Hedyosmum	scabrum	PT	2570	Hedyosmum scabrum
nPT_Ruinas_32	SpeciesName	Urticaceae	Pourouma	cecropiifolia	PT	596	Pourouma cecropiifolia
nPT_Cocapu_397	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	minutiflora	PT	1239	Miconia minutiflora
nPT_Alsura_229	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	LC4144A	PT	1239	Ocotea LC4144A
CA-07	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Cinchona	asperifolia	abergPT	1341	Cinchona asperifolia
nPT_Cuchil_96	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	glandulifera	PT	2010	Miconia glandulifera
nPT_Arriba_242	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Endlicheria	canescens	PT	1598	Endlicheria canescens
SP-05	SpeciesName	Juglandaceae	Juglans	boliviana	abergPT	1180	Juglans boliviana
nPP_Titiri_42	SpeciesName	Primulaceae	Clavija	nutans	PP	1145	Clavija nutans
nPT_Fuerte_270	SpeciesName	Capparaceae	Cynophalla	amplissima	PT	1145	Cynophalla amplissima
nPT_Rincon_362	SpeciesName	Clusiaceae	Clusia	loretensis	PT	349	Clusia loretensis
nPT_Sendae_371	SpeciesName	Piperaceae	Piper	obliquum	PT	349	Piper obliquum
TU-07	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	barbeyana	abergPT	1930	Miconia barbeyana
TRU-02	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Ladenbergia	crassifolia	abergPP	2090	Ladenbergia crassifolia
nPT_Cocapu_400	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Ladenbergia	bullata	PT	2090	Ladenbergia bullata
nPT_Ppmtsu_81	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Deguelia	scandens	PT	238	Deguelia scandens
nPT_Santaa_348	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Chimarrhis	glabriflora	PT	232	Chimarrhis glabriflora
nPT_Bosque_146	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Endlicheria	szyszylowiczii	PT	1750	Endlicheria szyszylowiczii
nPP_Resina_14	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Copaifera	langsdorffii	PP	979	Copaifera langsdorffii
CAL-02	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Machaerium	biovulatum	abergPP	357	Machaerium biovulatum
nPT_Jurita_381	SpeciesName	Aquifoliaceae	Ilex	mandonii	PT	3243	Ilex mandonii
nPT_Frente_247	SpeciesName	Araliaceae	Dendropanax	inaequalipedunculatus	PT	2210	Dendropanax inaequalipedunculatus
nPT_Resina_191	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Palicourea	tinctoria	PT	1519	Palicourea tinctoria
nPT_Alsura_229	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	calvescens	PT	340	Miconia calvescens
nPP_Resina_12	SpeciesName	Nyctaginaceae	Neea	ovalifolia	PP	300	Neea ovalifolia
nPP_Lechem_49	SpeciesName	Rutaceae	Zanthoxylum	fagara	PP	730	Zanthoxylum fagara
nPT_Limonu_176	SpeciesName	Arecaceae	Mauritia	flexuosa	PT	361	Mauritia flexuosa
nPT_Chicoi_170	SpeciesName	Polygonaceae	Triplaris	americana	PT	338	Triplaris americana
nPT_Terraz_66	SpeciesName	Arecaceae	Bactris	major	PT	338	Bactris major
nPT_Ppmtsu_81	MorphoSpeciesName	Phyllanthaceae	Hieronyma	NA445	PT	1070	Hieronyma NA445
nPT_Sanmig_181	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	ruizii	PT	1491	Miconia ruizii
nPT_Detras_177	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	GAT2737	PT	2821	Miconia GAT2737
nPT_Corana_311	MorphoSpeciesName	Araliaceae	Sciodaphyllum	ECQ54	PT	2826	Sciodaphyllum ECQ54
nPT_Cocapu_402	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Persea	LC3703	PT	2987	Persea LC3703
nPT_Sumpul_299	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Tibouchina	bicolor	PT	2987	Tibouchina bicolor
nPT_Sobrep_94	SpeciesName	Cannabaceae	Trema	domingensis	PT	290	Trema domingensis
nPP_Buenah_16	SpeciesName	Acanthaceae	Aphelandra	castaneifolia	PP	1910	Aphelandra castaneifolia
nPP_Lechem_49	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Holocalyx	balansae	PP	773	Holocalyx balansae
nPT_Victop_374	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Tanaecium	pyramidatum	PT	337	Tanaecium pyramidatum
SPD-02	MorphoSpeciesName	Nyctaginaceae	Guapira	MJM5445	abergPP	780	Guapira MJM5445
nPT_Tamboq_140	SpeciesName	Connaraceae	Connarus	perrottetii	PT	925	Connarus perrottetii
nPT_Tamboq_137	SpeciesName	Salicaceae	Casearia	javitensis	PT	1045	Casearia javitensis
nPP_Tintay_24	SpeciesName	Elaeocarpaceae	Sloanea	tuerckheimii	PP	1015	Sloanea tuerckheimii
nPT_Fuerte_271	SpeciesName	Salicaceae	Casearia	arborea	PT	950	Casearia arborea
nPT_Tapuri_411	SpeciesName	Vochysiaceae	Qualea	acuminata	PT	950	Qualea acuminata
nPT_Entrec_244	SpeciesName	Annonaceae	Guatteria	foliosa	PT	950	Guatteria foliosa
nPT_Ladera_127	SpeciesName	Humiriaceae	Sacoglottis	mattogrossensis	PT	950	Sacoglottis mattogrossensis
nPT_Piara_389	SpeciesName	Apocynaceae	Forsteronia	australis	PT	1072	Forsteronia australis
nPP_Chaqui_32	SpeciesName	Malvaceae	Cavanillesia	umbellata	PP	660	Cavanillesia umbellata
nPP_Buenah_17	MorphoSpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Siphoneugena	AF19267	PP	2455	Siphoneugena AF19267
nPT_Piedem_103	SpeciesName	Primulaceae	Geissanthus	ambigua	PT	2455	Geissanthus ambigua
nPP_Lechem_50	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	lasiocalyx	PP	2455	Miconia lasiocalyx
nPT_Buenah_217	SpeciesName	Arecaceae	Geonoma	undata	PT	2199	Geonoma undata
nPT_Tanhua_342	SpeciesName	Begoniaceae	Begonia	parviflora	PT	2199	Begonia parviflora
nPP_Chalal_6	SpeciesName	Urticaceae	Myriocarpa	stipitata	PP	2244	Myriocarpa stipitata
nPT_Tanhua_341	SpeciesName	Chloranthaceae	Hedyosmum	cuatrecazanum	PT	2223	Hedyosmum cuatrecazanum
nPT_Corana_312	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	centrodesma	PT	1197	Miconia centrodesma
nPT_Victop_375	MorphoSpeciesName	Sabiaceae	Meliosma	ALM190	PT	1451	Meliosma ALM190
nPT_Ruinas_35	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Zygia	coccinea	PT	1212	Zygia coccinea
SAI-01	SpeciesName	Celastraceae	Hippocratea	volubilis	abergPP	1212	Hippocratea volubilis
nPT_Ajusuc_168	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Persea	LC3301	PT	1990	Persea LC3301
nPT_Calami_206	SpeciesName	Annonaceae	Annona	emarginata	PT	1020	Annona emarginata
nPT_Rioubi_221	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	undata	PT	1616	Miconia undata
nPT_Paripa_429	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	AF15396	PT	1616	Ocotea AF15396
nPT_Tumupa_17	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	JQQ937	PT	1090	Miconia JQQ937
nPT_Ppmnor_80	SpeciesName	Urticaceae	Pourouma	bicolor	PT	1096	Pourouma bicolor
nPT_Ppmnor_99	SpeciesName	Proteaceae	Roupala	montana	PT	1518	Roupala montana
AC-01	SpeciesName	Picramniaceae	Picramnia	gracilis	abergPT	1271	Picramnia gracilis
nPP_Sumpul_33	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Graffenrieda	limbata	PP	1042	Graffenrieda limbata
nPT_Tumupa_19	SpeciesName	Solanaceae	Sessea	dependens	PT	3490	Sessea dependens
nPT_Tanhua_343	SpeciesName	Asteraceae	Nordenstamia	repanda	PT	3360	Nordenstamia repanda
nPT_Tumupa_13	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	cernuiflora	PT	3360	Miconia cernuiflora
nPP_Javill_18	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	AF16185	PP	3533	Miconia AF16185
nPT_Cocapu_397	SpeciesName	Asteraceae	Pentacalia	herzogii	PT	3279	Pentacalia herzogii
nPT_Ladera_127	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Endlicheria	AM3310	PT	1737	Endlicheria AM3310
nPT_Aguapo_55	SpeciesName	Symplocaceae	Symplocos	mapiriensis	PT	2494	Symplocos mapiriensis
nPP_Tapuri_46	SpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Alchornea	brittonii	PP	2729	Alchornea brittonii
nPT_Mara_131	MorphoSpeciesName	Polygalaceae	Monnina	ILR1917	PT	2680	Monnina ILR1917
nPP_Heatht_8	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	ILR1877	PP	2680	Miconia ILR1877
nPT_Tintay_258	SpeciesName	Connaraceae	Connarus	punctatus	PT	470	Connarus punctatus
nPT_Santaa_345	SpeciesName	Putranjivaceae	Drypetes	amazonica	PT	470	Drypetes amazonica
nPT_Tintay_251	SpeciesName	Polygonaceae	Triplaris	setosa	PT	425	Triplaris setosa
nPT_Chakaw_363	SpeciesName	Malvaceae	Theobroma	cacao	PT	315	Theobroma cacao
nPT_Planor_102	SpeciesName	Primulaceae	Stylogyne	ardisioides	PT	315	Stylogyne ardisioides
nPP_Jucuma_35	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Uncaria	guianensis	PP	315	Uncaria guianensis
nPT_Panteo_202	MorphoSpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Serjania	AF9401	PT	315	Serjania AF9401
nPT_Tapuri_406	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Eumachia	boliviana	PT	1400	Eumachia boliviana
SP-03	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	splendens	abergPT	1527	Miconia splendens
nPT_Arriba_239	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	CMG2345	PT	1527	Miconia CMG2345
nPT_Cocapu_397	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	RSS79	PT	1855	Miconia RSS79
nPT_Piara_395	SpeciesName	Celastraceae	Peritassa	peruviana	PT	1790	Peritassa peruviana
nPT_Lambra_442	SpeciesName	Violaceae	Rinorea	guianensis	PT	805	Rinorea guianensis
SAI-01	SpeciesName	Piperaceae	Piper	multiplinervium	abergPP	805	Piper multiplinervium
nPP_Resina_14	SpeciesName	Malpighiaceae	Diplopterys	cururuensis	PP	1070	Diplopterys cururuensis
PAN-02	SpeciesName	Dichapetalaceae	Tapura	juruana	abergPP	925	Tapura juruana
nPP_Waturu_43	SpeciesName	Aquifoliaceae	Ilex	hippocrateoides	PP	2150	Ilex hippocrateoides
nPT_Cocapu_400	SpeciesName	Celastraceae	Celastrus	liebmannii	PT	1386	Celastrus liebmannii
SP-01	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Persea	peruviana	abergPT	1371	Persea peruviana
nPT_Limonu_176	SpeciesName	Clusiaceae	Tovomita	weddelliana	PT	1470	Tovomita weddelliana
nPT_Tamboq_135	MorphoSpeciesName	Celastraceae	Salacia	MJM3935	PT	460	Salacia MJM3935
CAL-01	SpeciesName	Piperaceae	Piper	heterophyllum	abergPP	500	Piper heterophyllum
TU-01	SpeciesName	Malvaceae	Byttneria	pescapriifolia	abergPT	610	Byttneria pescapriifolia
nPT_Corana_313	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Pleurothyrium	cuneifolium	PT	530	Pleurothyrium cuneifolium
nPP_Mamaco_3	SpeciesName	Rosaceae	Polylepis	canoi	PP	3765	Polylepis canoi
nPT_Sucuil_382	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	amnicola	PT	940	Miconia amnicola
SPD-01	SpeciesName	Chloranthaceae	Hedyosmum	maximum	abergPP	3537	Hedyosmum maximum
nPT_Alsura_229	SpeciesName	Symplocaceae	Symplocos	baehnii	PT	3537	Symplocos baehnii
nPT_Subida_226	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	sp16	PT	3537	Miconia sp16
nPT_Santar_417	MorphoSpeciesName	Asteraceae	Gynoxys	sp1	PT	3625	Gynoxys sp1
nPT_Corana_312	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	tessmannii	PT	1500	Ocotea tessmannii
nPT_Victop_374	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	prasina	PT	1500	Miconia prasina
TU-09	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	terera	abergPT	1500	Miconia terera
nPT_Chaqui_148	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	sp49	PT	1500	Miconia sp49
nPT_Subida_226	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Psychotria	pichisensis	PT	1500	Psychotria pichisensis
nPT_Patasa_325	SpeciesName	Myristicaceae	Virola	duckei	PT	1500	Virola duckei
nPT_Chaqui_192	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Nectandra	sp76	PT	1250	Nectandra sp76
nPT_Alilia_41	SpeciesName	Moraceae	Clarisia	racemosa	PT	1250	Clarisia racemosa
WAY-01	SpeciesName	Caricaceae	Jacaratia	chocoensis	abergPP	1250	Jacaratia chocoensis
nPT_Encuen_220	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Condaminea	corymbosa	PT	1250	Condaminea corymbosa
nPT_Terraz_171	SpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Sapium	laurifolium	PT	1250	Sapium laurifolium
nPT_Victop_379	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Inga	oerstediana	PT	595	Inga oerstediana
nPT_Cocapu_403	SpeciesName	Caryocaraceae	Caryocar	amygdaliforme	PT	850	Caryocar amygdaliforme
nPP_Pintat_5	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	aulocalyx	PP	1750	Miconia aulocalyx
nPT_Chicoi_170	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	cernua	PT	1750	Ocotea cernua
nPT_Codoso_369	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Cinchona	micrantha	PT	1750	Cinchona micrantha
nPT_Tumupa_15	SpeciesName	Phyllanthaceae	Hieronyma	macrocarpa	PT	1500	Hieronyma macrocarpa
CA-03	SpeciesName	Cyatheaceae	Cyathea	lindeniana	abergPT	1500	Cyathea lindeniana
nPT_Pino_262	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Abarema	jupunba	PT	1000	Abarema jupunba
nPT_Sobrep_94	SpeciesName	Solanaceae	Solanum	maturecalvans	PT	3250	Solanum maturecalvans
nPT_Resina_193	SpeciesName	Pentaphylacaceae	Freziera	karsteniana	PT	3000	Freziera karsteniana
nPT_Arroyo_175	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	sp42	PT	3000	Miconia sp42
nPP_Lomasa_39	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	cookii	PP	2750	Miconia cookii
nPT_Laguna_38	SpeciesName	Cyatheaceae	Cyathea	catacampta	PT	2500	Cyathea catacampta
nPT_Cochay_205	SpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Alchornea	pearcei	PT	2500	Alchornea pearcei
nPT_Rocoro_109	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	alveata	PT	2500	Ocotea alveata
CA-06	SpeciesName	Aquifoliaceae	Ilex	laurina	abergPT	2250	Ilex laurina
nPP_Terraz_41	SpeciesName	Araliaceae	Schefflera	patula	PP	2000	Schefflera patula
nPT_Arriba_224	SpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Cupania	rubiginosa	PT	2000	Cupania rubiginosa
TU-02	SpeciesName	Sabiaceae	Meliosma	frondosa	abergPT	1800	Meliosma frondosa
WAY-01	SpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Croton	sampatik	abergPP	1800	Croton sampatik
TRU-08	SpeciesName	Burseraceae	Protium	glabrescens	abergPP	1800	Protium glabrescens
nPP_Sanmar_21	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	aristata	PP	3000	Miconia aristata
nPT_Pampay_178	MorphoSpeciesName	Urticaceae	Pourouma	sp1	PT	425	Pourouma sp1
nPT_Sobrep_94	SpeciesName	Hydrangeaceae	Hydrangea	preslii	PT	1521	Hydrangea preslii
nPT_Santaa_346	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Tachigali	setifera	PT	1521	Tachigali setifera
nPT_Ruinas_34	MorphoSpeciesName	Solanaceae	Larnax	sp1	PT	3473	Larnax sp1
nPT_Tintay_259	SpeciesName	Asteraceae	Baccharis	buxifolia	PT	3473	Baccharis buxifolia
AP-01	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	sp28	abergPT	3030	Miconia sp28
nPT_Wayrap_166	MorphoSpeciesName	Podocarpaceae	Podocarpus	sp2	PT	2750	Podocarpus sp2
nPT_Siripi_432	SpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Alchornea	latifolia	PT	2500	Alchornea latifolia
nPT_Tintay_250	MorphoSpeciesName	Arecaceae	Geonoma	sp4	PT	2245	Geonoma sp4
nPP_Tapuri_46	MorphoSpeciesName	Urticaceae	Cecropia	sp9	PP	2245	Cecropia sp9
nPP_Chaqui_32	MorphoSpeciesName	Polygalaceae	Monina	sp3	PP	3402	Monina sp3
nPT_Cocapu_400	MorphoSpeciesName	Asteraceae	Pentacalia	sp9	PT	3337	Pentacalia sp9
SP-02	MorphoSpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Sapium	sp1	abergPT	1750	Sapium sp1
nPT_Resina_190	MorphoSpeciesName	Anacardiaceae	Tapirira	sp1	PT	1601	Tapirira sp1
nPT_Wayrap_165	SpeciesName	Vitaceae	Cissus	trianae	PT	1601	Cissus trianae
nPT_Detras_92	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	stenostachya	PT	1478	Miconia stenostachya
TRU-01	SpeciesName	Urticaceae	Pouroma	bicolor	abergPP	1478	Pouroma bicolor
nPT_Apache_365	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	astroplacama	PT	1478	Miconia astroplacama
nPP_Pintat_5	MorphoSpeciesName	Aquifoliaceae	Ilex	sp2	PP	3389	Ilex sp2
nPT_Calami_206	MorphoSpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Hieronyma	sp4	PT	2623	Hieronyma sp4
nPT_Tintay_254	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Psychotria	sp4	PT	2449	Psychotria sp4
nPP_Tintay_24	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	sp3	PP	2096	Miconia sp3
ACJ-01	SpeciesName	Calophyllaceae	Kielmeyera	paniculata	abergPP	850	Kielmeyera paniculata
nPT_Detras_92	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Bauhinia	APC43	PT	175	Bauhinia APC43
nPP_Buenah_15	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	mandonii	PP	3324	Miconia mandonii
nPP_Sumpul_34	SpeciesName	Clusiaceae	Tovomita	obovata	PP	1054	Tovomita obovata
nPP_Tanhua_37	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Handroanthus	impetiginosus	PP	880	Handroanthus impetiginosus
nPP_Resina_14	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	MCM1097	PP	2498	Miconia MCM1097
nPT_Cabece_420	SpeciesName	Urticaceae	Pourouma	guianensis	PT	1223	Pourouma guianensis
nPT_Patasa_324	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Psychotria	LC6490	PT	1993	Psychotria LC6490
nPT_Buenah_210	SpeciesName	Araliaceae	Oreopanax	trollii	PT	1993	Oreopanax trollii
TRU-06	SpeciesName	Rosaceae	Prunus	brittoniana	abergPP	3035	Prunus brittoniana
TC-01	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Piptadenia	gonoacantha	abergPT	1000	Piptadenia gonoacantha
nPT_Khokho_326	SpeciesName	Myristicaceae	Otoba	parvifolia	PT	470	Otoba parvifolia
nPT_Yariap_9	SpeciesName	Myristicaceae	Iryanthera	juruensis	PT	330	Iryanthera juruensis
nPT_Piara_390	SpeciesName	Primulaceae	Myrsine	pearcei	PT	3021	Myrsine pearcei
TON-01	SpeciesName	Malvaceae	Quararibea	amazonica	abergPP	360	Quararibea amazonica
nPT_Corana_312	SpeciesName	Podocarpaceae	Prumnopitys	harmsiana	PT	2074	Prumnopitys harmsiana
nPT_Cimama_73	SpeciesName	Malpighiaceae	Bunchosia	armeniaca	PT	2074	Bunchosia armeniaca
RE-02	SpeciesName	Moraceae	Brosimum	alicastrum	abergPT	350	Brosimum alicastrum
nPT_Tumupa_16	SpeciesName	Violaceae	Leonia	crassa	PT	224	Leonia crassa
nPT_Siripi_432	SpeciesName	Polygonaceae	Triplaris	vestita	PT	923	Triplaris vestita
nPP_Collpa_48	SpeciesName	Malpighiaceae	Diplopterys	pubipetala	PP	938	Diplopterys pubipetala
nPP_Lechem_49	SpeciesName	Clethraceae	Clethra	elongata	PP	1489	Clethra elongata
nPT_Planor_102	SpeciesName	Asteraceae	Ageratina	gloeoclada	PT	2789	Ageratina gloeoclada
nPT_Tapuri_406	SpeciesName	Rosaceae	Hesperomeles	ferruginea	PT	2802	Hesperomeles ferruginea
nPT_Bosque_117	SpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Allophylus	pauciflorus	PT	1715	Allophylus pauciflorus
TRU-03	SpeciesName	Sabiaceae	Meliosma	glabrata	abergPP	335	Meliosma glabrata
nPT_Buenah_207	MorphoSpeciesName	Malpighiaceae	Mascagnia	LC3357	PT	337	Mascagnia LC3357
nPT_Sumpul_306	SpeciesName	Aquifoliaceae	Ilex	inundata	PT	950	Ilex inundata
nPP_Jucuma_35	SpeciesName	Metteniusaceae	Calatola	costaricensis	PP	1321	Calatola costaricensis
nPP_Yarimi_9	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Psychotria	AF11394	PP	1990	Psychotria AF11394
nPT_Santat_120	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Aiouea	AF9030	PT	1532	Aiouea AF9030
nPT_Ladera_127	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	matthaei	PT	1090	Miconia matthaei
nPT_Rincon_257	SpeciesName	Vochysiaceae	Vochysia	mapirensis	PT	1042	Vochysia mapirensis
SP-02	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Nectandra	lineatifolia	abergPT	1972	Nectandra lineatifolia
nPT_Frente_247	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Nectandra	laurel	PT	2188	Nectandra laurel
nPT_Arriba_242	SpeciesName	Annonaceae	Oxandra	mediocris	PT	450	Oxandra mediocris
nPT_Santar_418	SpeciesName	Loganiaceae	Strychnos	asperula	PT	550	Strychnos asperula
nPT_Tintay_258	SpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Mabea	anadena	PT	280	Mabea anadena
nPT_Arroyo_186	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	cyanocarpa	PT	1527	Miconia cyanocarpa
nPT_Sumpul_304	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Elaeagia	microcarpa	PT	1819	Elaeagia microcarpa
nPT_Fuerte_260	SpeciesName	Asteraceae	Dasyphyllum	brasiliense	PT	1819	Dasyphyllum brasiliense
nPT_Tamboq_134	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	AM3387	PT	1531	Ocotea AM3387
nPP_Chaqui_31	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Tachigali	guianensis	PP	1386	Tachigali guianensis
nPP_Sumpul_33	SpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Pouteria	ephedrantha	PP	1430	Pouteria ephedrantha
nPT_Cimace_231	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Psychotria	viridis	PT	540	Psychotria viridis
CA-10	SpeciesName	Symplocaceae	Symplocos	quitensis	abergPT	3537	Symplocos quitensis
nPT_Cocapu_396	SpeciesName	Boraginaceae	Cordia	ucayaliensis	PT	595	Cordia ucayaliensis
TON-01	SpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Micropholis	guyanensis	abergPP	850	Micropholis guyanensis
PAN-01	MorphoSpeciesName	Cyatheaceae	Cyathea	sp27	abergPP	1750	Cyathea sp27
nPT_Tamboq_143	MorphoSpeciesName	Cyatheaceae	Cyathea	sp20	PT	1750	Cyathea sp20
nPP_Collpa_48	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Nectandra	sp11	PP	1000	Nectandra sp11
nPT_Sucuil_382	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Nectandra	sp13	PT	3250	Nectandra sp13
nPP_Sumpul_34	MorphoSpeciesName	Araliaceae	Dendropanax	sp1	PP	1800	Dendropanax sp1
nPP_Pintat_5	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Inga	chartacea	PP	425	Inga chartacea
nPP_Sumpul_34	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Endlicheria	griseo-sericea	PP	1521	Endlicheria griseo-sericea
nPP_Lechem_50	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	spennerostachya	PP	1521	Miconia spennerostachya
nPP_Tanhua_38	SpeciesName	Moraceae	Ficus	sphenophylla	PP	1250	Ficus sphenophylla
nPP_Titiri_42	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	sp64	PP	2286	Miconia sp64
nPT_Culi_354	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	sp30	PT	2449	Miconia sp30
nPT_Tintay_258	SpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Psidium	oligospermum	PT	1150	Psidium oligospermum
nPP_Sumpul_34	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	biacuta	PP	3116	Miconia biacuta
nPT_Tamboq_135	SpeciesName	Podocarpaceae	Podocarpus	ingensis	PT	1900	Podocarpus ingensis
nPP_Fuerte_26	SpeciesName	Boraginaceae	Cordia	alliodora	PP	175	Cordia alliodora
nPT_Siripi_431	MorphoSpeciesName	Annonaceae	Annona	RSS85	PT	1538	Annona RSS85
nPT_Campam_238	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Psychotria	AF16987	PT	1538	Psychotria AF16987
nPT_Buenah_214	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Clidemia	GAT1586	PT	1054	Clidemia GAT1586
nPT_Ladera_128	MorphoSpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Pouteria	ETP48	PT	1100	Pouteria ETP48
nPT_Fragme_77	MorphoSpeciesName	Sabiaceae	Meliosma	ETP323	PT	1450	Meliosma ETP323
TU-07	SpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Tetrorchidium	andinum	abergPT	1993	Tetrorchidium andinum
nPT_Frente_247	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	FZR18951	PT	1993	Ocotea FZR18951
TON-02	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	ECQ72	abergPP	2889	Ocotea ECQ72
nPT_Santat_120	SpeciesName	Lamiaceae	Aegiphila	multiflora	PT	2889	Aegiphila multiflora
nPP_Lechem_49	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Inga	heterophylla	PP	1400	Inga heterophylla
nPT_Cimapp_126	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Licaria	pucheri	PT	2200	Licaria pucheri
CAL-01	SpeciesName	Cunoniaceae	Weinmannia	lechleriana	abergPP	2200	Weinmannia lechleriana
nPT_Buenah_217	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	micrantha	PT	2400	Ocotea micrantha
nPP_Tanhua_37	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Inga	ruiziana	PP	362	Inga ruiziana
nPP_Tapuri_46	SpeciesName	Urticaceae	Urera	baccifera	PP	1000	Urera baccifera
nPP_Chiriu_2	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Senegalia	polyphylla	PP	1000	Senegalia polyphylla
nPT_Corana_312	SpeciesName	Salicaceae	Xylosma	tessmannii	PT	420	Xylosma tessmannii
nPT_Chaqui_192	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Inga	striata	PT	260	Inga striata
nPT_Sector_263	SpeciesName	Chrysobalanaceae	Hirtella	racemosa	PT	260	Hirtella racemosa
nPT_Santat_120	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Pleroma	granulosum	PT	1824	Pleroma granulosum
nPT_Chicoi_170	SpeciesName	Asteraceae	Gynoxys	mandonii	PT	3473	Gynoxys mandonii
nPP_Tintay_24	SpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Pouteria	cladantha	PP	361	Pouteria cladantha
nPT_Camino_95	SpeciesName	Hernandiaceae	Sparattanthelium	amazonum	PT	310	Sparattanthelium amazonum
nPT_Victop_379	SpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Pouteria	trilocularis	PT	310	Pouteria trilocularis
CA-09	SpeciesName	Araliaceae	Sciodaphyllum	patulum	abergPT	2200	Sciodaphyllum patulum
nPT_Piara_394	SpeciesName	Moraceae	Sorocea	briquetii	PT	221	Sorocea briquetii
nPT_Chicoi_169	SpeciesName	Combretaceae	Terminalia	triflora	PT	881	Terminalia triflora
nPT_Copalu_273	SpeciesName	Cucurbitaceae	Siolmatra	brasiliensis	PT	798	Siolmatra brasiliensis
nPT_Orilla_130	SpeciesName	Clusiaceae	Clusia	haughtii	PT	715	Clusia haughtii
nPT_Meseta_46	SpeciesName	Piperaceae	Piper	laevigatum	PT	327	Piper laevigatum
nPP_Fuerte_26	SpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Calyptranthes	lanceolata	PP	320	Calyptranthes lanceolata
AC-01	SpeciesName	Violaceae	Rinorea	lindeniana	abergPT	320	Rinorea lindeniana
nPT_Solida_97	SpeciesName	Cyatheaceae	Cyathea	parvifolia	PT	3162	Cyathea parvifolia
nPP_Chaqui_31	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	MRL94	PP	2570	Miconia MRL94
nPT_Victop_372	SpeciesName	Arecaceae	Ceroxylon	pityrophyllum	PT	2074	Ceroxylon pityrophyllum
AP-01	SpeciesName	Ericaceae	Psammisia	urichiana	abergPT	1341	Psammisia urichiana
nPT_Cabece_255	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Bignonia	lilacina	PT	280	Bignonia lilacina
nPT_Corana_312	SpeciesName	Meliaceae	Trichilia	claussenii	PT	915	Trichilia claussenii
nPT_Culi_361	SpeciesName	Siparunaceae	Siparuna	decipiens	PT	280	Siparuna decipiens
nPT_Culi_357	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Tynanthus	schumannianus	PT	1124	Tynanthus schumannianus
nPP_Resina_14	SpeciesName	Apocynaceae	Forsteronia	amblybasis	PP	238	Forsteronia amblybasis
nPP_Chirim_19	SpeciesName	Rutaceae	Erythrochiton	fallax	PP	679	Erythrochiton fallax
nPT_Cocapu_403	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Schnella	microstachya	PT	979	Schnella microstachya
nPT_Santar_417	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	GAT1254	PT	1452	Miconia GAT1254
nPT_Carjat_272	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Senegalia	rhytidocarpa	PT	340	Senegalia rhytidocarpa
nPP_Heathi_7	SpeciesName	Nyctaginaceae	Neea	divaricata	PP	600	Neea divaricata
nPT_Kausil_172	SpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Calyptranthes	speciosa	PT	338	Calyptranthes speciosa
nPT_Quebra_115	SpeciesName	Polygonaceae	Muehlenbeckia	tamnifolia	PT	2821	Muehlenbeckia tamnifolia
nPT_Cocapu_400	SpeciesName	Rhamnaceae	Rhamnus	sphaerosperma	PT	2826	Rhamnus sphaerosperma
nPT_Fuerte_268	MorphoSpeciesName	Pentaphylacaceae	Ternstroemia	GAT2371	PT	2826	Ternstroemia GAT2371
nPT_Resina_191	SpeciesName	Elaeocarpaceae	Vallea	stipularis	PT	3061	Vallea stipularis
nPT_Culi_355	SpeciesName	Icacinaceae	Leretia	cordata	PT	335	Leretia cordata
nPT_Lechem_427	SpeciesName	Columelliaceae	Columellia	oblonga	PT	2848	Columellia oblonga
nPT_Victop_376	SpeciesName	Vitaceae	Cissus	verticillata	PT	354	Cissus verticillata
nPP_Chirim_19	SpeciesName	Meliaceae	Guarea	gomma	PP	337	Guarea gomma
nPT_Alilia_41	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Dussia	MJM6130	PT	735	Dussia MJM6130
nPP_Sumpul_33	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	regelii	PP	1045	Miconia regelii
nPP_Tocoaq_29	SpeciesName	Primulaceae	Cybianthus	peruvianus	PP	950	Cybianthus peruvianus
nPT_Arriba_243	SpeciesName	Piperaceae	Piper	pseudoarboreum	PT	950	Piper pseudoarboreum
nPP_Chaqui_32	SpeciesName	Arecaceae	Aiphanes	horrida	PP	1427	Aiphanes horrida
nPP_Yarimi_10	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Machaerium	acutifolium	PP	1072	Machaerium acutifolium
nPT_Buenah_210	MorphoSpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Serjania	LC4985	PT	1197	Serjania LC4985
nPT_Santar_422	SpeciesName	Dilleniaceae	Doliocarpus	dentatus	PT	1616	Doliocarpus dentatus
nPP_Tanhua_37	SpeciesName	Solanaceae	Solanum	roseum	PP	1532	Solanum roseum
nPP_Tocoaq_28	SpeciesName	Malpighiaceae	Byrsonima	spicata	PP	1090	Byrsonima spicata
TON-02	SpeciesName	Brunelliaceae	Brunellia	boliviana	abergPP	3360	Brunellia boliviana
nPT_Tintay_258	SpeciesName	Amaranthaceae	Iresine	diffusa	PT	2291	Iresine diffusa
AC-01	SpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Acalypha	macrostachya	abergPT	1972	Acalypha macrostachya
nPT_Sendac_90	SpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Alchornea	anamariae	PT	2188	Alchornea anamariae
nPT_Encuen_47	SpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Pouteria	reticulata	PT	515	Pouteria reticulata
nPP_Tuichi_4	SpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Paullinia	platymisca	PP	280	Paullinia platymisca
nPP_Chalal_6	SpeciesName	Asteraceae	Pentacalia	psidiifolia	PP	1498	Pentacalia psidiifolia
nPT_Ladera_128	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Pleurothyrium	trianae	PT	1790	Pleurothyrium trianae
nPT_Paripa_429	SpeciesName	Clusiaceae	Chrysochlamys	weberbaueri	PT	1790	Chrysochlamys weberbaueri
nPT_Tequej_24	SpeciesName	Rosaceae	Prunus	subcorymbosa	PT	810	Prunus subcorymbosa
nPT_Almedr_101	SpeciesName	Meliaceae	Guarea	pterorhachis	PT	840	Guarea pterorhachis
CA-04	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Randia	armata	abergPT	930	Randia armata
nPT_Panteo_202	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Mouriri	myrtilloides	PT	800	Mouriri myrtilloides
nPT_Copalu_273	SpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Eugenia	flavescens	PT	972	Eugenia flavescens
nPT_Cocapu_399	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	dispar	PT	1371	Miconia dispar
TU-07	SpeciesName	Malpighiaceae	Banisteriopsis	padifolia	abergPT	1334	Banisteriopsis padifolia
nPT_Piecer_183	SpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Talisia	macrophylla	PT	1300	Talisia macrophylla
nPT_Piara_388	SpeciesName	Achariaceae	Mayna	odorata	PT	580	Mayna odorata
nPT_Planop_82	SpeciesName	Elaeocarpaceae	Sloanea	guianensis	PT	515	Sloanea guianensis
TU-09	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Fridericia	dichotoma	abergPT	480	Fridericia dichotoma
nPP_Terraz_41	SpeciesName	Anacardiaceae	Spondias	mombin	PP	535	Spondias mombin
SPD-02	SpeciesName	Scrophulariaceae	Buddleja	montana	abergPP	3625	Buddleja montana
nPP_Tapuri_45	SpeciesName	Annonaceae	Porcelia	ponderosa	PP	1500	Porcelia ponderosa
TRU-02	SpeciesName	Moraceae	Ficus	casapiensis	abergPP	1250	Ficus casapiensis
nPT_Incien_264	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Jacaranda	glabra	PT	595	Jacaranda glabra
nPT_Victop_375	SpeciesName	Burseraceae	Protium	altsonii	PT	850	Protium altsonii
nPT_Tanhua_339	SpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Conceveiba	terminalis	PT	850	Conceveiba terminalis
RE-02	SpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Sapium	glandulosum	abergPT	1500	Sapium glandulosum
nPT_Aguapo_55	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Nectandra	sp4	PT	1000	Nectandra sp4
nPT_Tapuri_410	SpeciesName	Elaeocarpaceae	Sloanea	terniflora	PT	1000	Sloanea terniflora
nPT_Piara_395	SpeciesName	Brunelliaceae	Brunellia	inermis	PT	3250	Brunellia inermis
nPP_Terraz_41	MorphoSpeciesName	Araliaceae	Schefflera	sp1	PP	3250	Schefflera sp1
nPP_Chiriu_2	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Axinaea	pennellii	PP	3250	Axinaea pennellii
CA-05	SpeciesName	Cyatheaceae	Alsophila	minervae	abergPT	2750	Alsophila minervae
nPT_Buenah_218	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	madisonii	PT	2750	Miconia madisonii
WAY-01	MorphoSpeciesName	Symplocaceae	Symplocos	sp4	abergPP	2000	Symplocos sp4
nPP_Terraz_41	SpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Myrcia	rostrata	PP	1800	Myrcia rostrata
nPT_Ladera_88	SpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Alchornea	acutifolia	PT	1800	Alchornea acutifolia
nPT_Ppmnor_99	SpeciesName	Moraceae	Brosimum	utile	PT	425	Brosimum utile
TU-01	SpeciesName	Chrysobalanaceae	Licania	hispida	abergPT	425	Licania hispida
nPT_Ruinas_75	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Inga	sp4	PT	800	Inga sp4
nPT_Cabece_255	SpeciesName	Annonaceae	Annona	papilionella	PT	1250	Annona papilionella
nPT_Victop_372	SpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Allophylus	divaricatus	PT	1250	Allophylus divaricatus
nPT_Meseta_46	MorphoSpeciesName	Clusiaceae	Clusia	sp16	PT	3030	Clusia sp16
nPP_Huanec_20	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Persea	sp10	PP	2500	Persea sp10
nPT_Frente_414	SpeciesName	Theaceae	Freziera	parva	PT	2500	Freziera parva
nPT_Cocapu_400	MorphoSpeciesName	Arecaceae	Ceroxylon	sp2	PT	2110	Ceroxylon sp2
nPT_Paltuy_167	SpeciesName	Rosaceae	Polylepis	sericea	PT	3528	Polylepis sericea
nPP_Javill_18	MorphoSpeciesName	Cyatheaceae	Cyathea	sp22	PP	1750	Cyathea sp22
nPT_Eslabo_156	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Psychotria	sp11	PT	1601	Psychotria sp11
PAN-03	SpeciesName	Arecaceae	Wettinia	augusta	abergPP	1601	Wettinia augusta
nPT_Copalu_273	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	sp59	PT	3389	Miconia sp59
nPT_Resina_188	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Persea	ferruginea	PT	3389	Persea ferruginea
nPT_Planoas_124	MorphoSpeciesName	Asteraceae	Aequatorium	sp1	PT	3350	Aequatorium sp1
CAL-02	SpeciesName	Symplocaceae	Symplocos	reflexa	abergPP	2623	Symplocos reflexa
nPT_Pichan_234	SpeciesName	Brunelliaceae	Brunellia	weberbaueri	PT	2623	Brunellia weberbaueri
nPP_Sumpul_33	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Clidemia	sp55	PP	2449	Clidemia sp55
nPT_Catara_327	SpeciesName	Clusiaceae	Clusia	elliptica	PT	2096	Clusia elliptica
nPT_Ladera_88	SpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Sideroxylon	obtusifolium	PT	1150	Sideroxylon obtusifolium
nPT_Sendac_90	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Chalybea	AM3664	PT	2510	Chalybea AM3664
TRU-04	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Ormosia	fastigiata	abergPP	1824	Ormosia fastigiata
nPT_Santia_416	SpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Chaetocarpus	myrsinites	PT	1750	Chaetocarpus myrsinites
nPP_Tanhua_38	SpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Manihot	anomala	PP	1015	Manihot anomala
nPT_Sanroq_228	SpeciesName	Arecaceae	Ceroxylon	parvifrons	PT	2833	Ceroxylon parvifrons
nPT_Meseta_46	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Palicourea	flavifolia	PT	1254	Palicourea flavifolia
nPP_Heathi_7	SpeciesName	Burseraceae	Protium	amazonicum	PP	280	Protium amazonicum
nPP_Lomasa_39	SpeciesName	Asteraceae	Baccharis	trinervis	PP	238	Baccharis trinervis
nPT_Arroyo_85	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Aniba	panurensis	PT	400	Aniba panurensis
TRU-07	MorphoSpeciesName	Pentaphylacaceae	Ternstroemia	AF14004	abergPP	2272	Ternstroemia AF14004
nPP_Tocoaq_30	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Tanaecium	selloi	PP	767	Tanaecium selloi
nPT_Telara_133	SpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Acalypha	stenoloba	PT	1790	Acalypha stenoloba
TU-04	SpeciesName	Piperaceae	Piper	peltilimbum	abergPT	1371	Piper peltilimbum
nPP_Lomasa_39	SpeciesName	Burseraceae	Dacryodes	sudyungasensis	PP	1300	Dacryodes sudyungasensis
TU-09	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	sp10	abergPT	3537	Miconia sp10
nPP_Tanhua_37	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Nectandra	sp9	PP	1500	Nectandra sp9
nPT_Chapar_106	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Faramea	bangii	PT	1750	Faramea bangii
nPT_Infier_476	SpeciesName	Cunoniaceae	Weinmannia	multijuga	PT	2250	Weinmannia multijuga
nPT_Codoso_369	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Graffenrieda	sp	PT	1800	Graffenrieda sp
nPP_Sumpul_34	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	axinaeoides	PP	1521	Miconia axinaeoides
nPT_Codoso_369	SpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Croton	lechleri	PT	1250	Croton lechleri
nPP_Tocoaq_30	MorphoSpeciesName	Asteraceae	Pentacalia	sp6	PP	3531	Pentacalia sp6
nPP_Resina_12	MorphoSpeciesName	Asteraceae	Gynoxys	sp8	PP	3528	Gynoxys sp8
nPT_Arriba_224	SpeciesName	Cyatheaceae	Cyathea	multisegmenta	PT	2449	Cyathea multisegmenta
nPP_Terraz_41	SpeciesName	Trigoniaceae	Trigonia	laevis	PP	310	Trigonia laevis
nPT_Rincon_257	MorphoSpeciesName	Polygonaceae	Coccoloba	CMG1676	PT	350	Coccoloba CMG1676
nPT_Ultima_232	SpeciesName	Moraceae	Ficus	coerulescens	PT	194	Ficus coerulescens
nPP_Kañupa_44	SpeciesName	Cucurbitaceae	Cayaponia	tubulosa	PP	1324	Cayaponia tubulosa
nPT_Khokho_326	SpeciesName	Apocynaceae	Aspidosperma	excelsum	PT	1046	Aspidosperma excelsum
nPT_Victop_380	SpeciesName	Rutaceae	Esenbeckia	almawillia	PT	1005	Esenbeckia almawillia
nPT_Chapar_106	MorphoSpeciesName	Clethraceae	Clethra	GAT2810	PT	2985	Clethra GAT2810
nPT_Cocapu_400	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Persea	areolatocostae	PT	1367	Persea areolatocostae
nPT_Buenah_208	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Faramea	multiflora	PT	1598	Faramea multiflora
TU-01	SpeciesName	Phyllanthaceae	Hieronyma	oblonga	abergPT	1970	Hieronyma oblonga
TU-09	SpeciesName	Moraceae	Naucleopsis	krukovii	abergPT	390	Naucleopsis krukovii
nPP_Terraz_41	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Machaerium	hirtum	PP	938	Machaerium hirtum
TRU-05	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Pterocarpus	amazonum	abergPP	313	Pterocarpus amazonum
nPT_Tequej_28	SpeciesName	Annonaceae	Ruizodendron	ovale	PT	313	Ruizodendron ovale
nPT_Cocapu_404	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Bauhinia	ungulata	PT	290	Bauhinia ungulata
TRU-08	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	ILR1334	abergPP	2223	Ocotea ILR1334
nPT_Tintay_259	SpeciesName	Primulaceae	Cybianthus	comperuvianus	PT	1451	Cybianthus comperuvianus
nPT_Cimace_231	SpeciesName	Solanaceae	Solanum	sessile	PT	2291	Solanum sessile
nPT_Sanmig_181	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Faramea	anisocalyx	PT	950	Faramea anisocalyx
nPT_Culi_354	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Inga	MJM4922	PT	800	Inga MJM4922
TRU-06	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Ormosia	GAT2043	abergPP	1386	Ormosia GAT2043
nPT_Lambra_438	SpeciesName	Cyatheaceae	Alsophila	cuspidata	PT	480	Alsophila cuspidata
nPT_Nidoab_223	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Warszewiczia	coccinea	PT	595	Warszewiczia coccinea
nPP_Sumpul_33	SpeciesName	Malvaceae	Eriotheca	globosa	PP	850	Eriotheca globosa
nPT_Tintay_250	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Meriania	sp2	PT	1750	Meriania sp2
nPP_Fuerte_27	SpeciesName	Urticaceae	Cecropia	tacuna	PP	2250	Cecropia tacuna
nPT_Aguapo_54	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Nectandra	cuspidata	PT	1800	Nectandra cuspidata
nPT_Yariap_4	MorphoSpeciesName	Cyatheaceae	Cyathea	sp23	PT	2500	Cyathea sp23
nPT_Yariap_2	MorphoSpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Croton	sp2	PT	2024	Croton sp2
nPT_Arroyo_256	SpeciesName	Clusiaceae	Chrysoclamis	ulei	PT	1478	Chrysoclamis ulei
TRU-08	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Psychotria	sp8	abergPP	2623	Psychotria sp8
SP-05	MorphoSpeciesName	Arecaceae	Geonoma	sp2	abergPT	2096	Geonoma sp2
nPT_Siripi_431	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Mouriri	grandiflora	PT	175	Mouriri grandiflora
nPP_Huanec_20	SpeciesName	Moraceae	Ficus	maroma	PP	1250	Ficus maroma
nPT_Cocapu_397	SpeciesName	Meliaceae	Ruagea	glabra	PT	2859	Ruagea glabra
TON-02	SpeciesName	Solanaceae	Solanum	aphyodendron	abergPP	2663	Solanum aphyodendron
nPT_Wayrap_164	SpeciesName	Simaroubaceae	Simarouba	amara	PT	203	Simarouba amara
nPT_Arriba_433	SpeciesName	Combretaceae	Combretum	laxum	PT	320	Combretum laxum
nPT_Ladera_185	SpeciesName	Symplocaceae	Symplocos	polyphylla	PT	2985	Symplocos polyphylla
nPT_Orilla_129	MorphoSpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Calyptranthes	JQQ980	PT	2074	Calyptranthes JQQ980
nPT_Kellut_180	SpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Sapindus	saponaria	PT	915	Sapindus saponaria
nPT_Tumupa_15	SpeciesName	Solanaceae	Cestrum	schlechtendalii	PT	1930	Cestrum schlechtendalii
nPT_Resina_190	SpeciesName	Annonaceae	Duguetia	hadrantha	PT	390	Duguetia hadrantha
nPT_Tumupa_19	SpeciesName	Moraceae	Ficus	obtusifolia	PT	916	Ficus obtusifolia
nPT_Tapuri_412	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Machaerium	trifoliolatum	PT	843	Machaerium trifoliolatum
nPT_Tintay_259	MorphoSpeciesName	Polygalaceae	Monnina	GAT2491	PT	2826	Monnina GAT2491
CA-05	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Psychotria	FB294	abergPT	1715	Psychotria FB294
nPT_Lahoya_370	SpeciesName	Aquifoliaceae	Ilex	nervosa	PT	2455	Ilex nervosa
nPP_Chirim_19	MorphoSpeciesName	Cunoniaceae	Weinmannia	AF16591	PP	3200	Weinmannia AF16591
TRU-03	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Schradera	subandina	abergPP	1616	Schradera subandina
nPT_Tunkul_266	SpeciesName	Meliaceae	Ruagea	ovalis	PT	2552	Ruagea ovalis
CA-07	SpeciesName	Primulaceae	Geissanthus	bangii	abergPT	2291	Geissanthus bangii
nPT_Resina_193	MorphoSpeciesName	Pentaphylacaceae	Ternstroemia	AF7486	PT	1790	Ternstroemia AF7486
nPP_Fuerte_26	SpeciesName	Meliaceae	Guarea	guidonia	PP	930	Guarea guidonia
nPT_Naranj_111	MorphoSpeciesName	Clusiaceae	Tovomita	GAT1568	PT	1241	Tovomita GAT1568
nPT_Santaa_328	SpeciesName	Araliaceae	Dendropanax	membranaceus	PT	1300	Dendropanax membranaceus
SAI-02	SpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Pouteria	nemorosa	abergPP	530	Pouteria nemorosa
APK-01	SpeciesName	Myristicaceae	Virola	calophylla	abergPP	850	Virola calophylla
nPT_Tequej_26	SpeciesName	Elaeocarpaceae	Sloanea	sinemariensis	PT	850	Sloanea sinemariensis
nPP_Yarimi_9	MorphoSpeciesName	Primulaceae	Myrsine	sp6	PP	2500	Myrsine sp6
nPT_Calami_206	SpeciesName	Araliaceae	Oreopanax	microflorous	PT	2250	Oreopanax microflorous
nPT_Piara_391	MorphoSpeciesName	Meliaceae	Ruagea	sp2	PT	2000	Ruagea sp2
nPT_Apache_364	SpeciesName	Vochysiaceae	Vochysia	kosnipatae	PT	1250	Vochysia kosnipatae
nPT_Lambra_434	MorphoSpeciesName	Clusiaceae	Clusia	sp11	PT	2548	Clusia sp11
nPT_Tamboq_137	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	sp38	PT	3389	Miconia sp38
nPT_Tanhua_343	SpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Croton	rusbyi	PT	1522	Croton rusbyi
nPT_Santia_415	SpeciesName	Rosaceae	Prunus	amplifolia	PT	1242	Prunus amplifolia
nPT_Cabece_255	SpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Pouteria	baehniana	PT	1054	Pouteria baehniana
nPT_Infier_476	SpeciesName	Annonaceae	Annona	montana	PT	310	Annona montana
nPT_Sendae_371	SpeciesName	Menispermaceae	Abuta	grandifolia	PT	330	Abuta grandifolia
nPT_Cimace_231	SpeciesName	Vitaceae	Cissus	camiriensis	PT	991	Cissus camiriensis
nPT_Arriba_433	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Persea	AF12172	PT	2200	Persea AF12172
nPT_Infier_477	MorphoSpeciesName	Cunoniaceae	Weinmannia	MCM1102	PT	3087	Weinmannia MCM1102
nPT_Ruinas_30	SpeciesName	Actinidiaceae	Saurauia	spectabilis	PT	2204	Saurauia spectabilis
nPT_Cocapu_404	SpeciesName	Piperaceae	Piper	psilophyllum	PT	1166	Piper psilophyllum
nPT_Yariap_8	MorphoSpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Eugenia	CMG2092	PT	390	Eugenia CMG2092
CAL-01	SpeciesName	Marcgraviaceae	Marcgravia	weberbaueri	abergPP	1452	Marcgravia weberbaueri
nPP_Tanhua_38	SpeciesName	Meliaceae	Trichilia	rubra	PP	340	Trichilia rubra
nPT_Arroyo_384	SpeciesName	Ochnaceae	Quiina	florida	PT	300	Quiina florida
TU-03	SpeciesName	Ericaceae	Satyria	leucostoma	abergPT	1489	Satyria leucostoma
nPT_Apache_365	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Psychotria	CMG2789	PT	1532	Psychotria CMG2789
TRU-04	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	glomerulifera	abergPP	2662	Miconia glomerulifera
nPP_Tintay_24	SpeciesName	Apocynaceae	Forsteronia	graciloides	PP	365	Forsteronia graciloides
nPT_Tumupa_14	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Inga	MCT127	PT	780	Inga MCT127
nPP_Tocoaq_30	SpeciesName	Malvaceae	Ceiba	pentandra	PP	1096	Ceiba pentandra
nPT_Paripa_429	SpeciesName	Malvaceae	Pterygota	amazonica	PT	1096	Pterygota amazonica
TON-02	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	JQQ1079	abergPP	1527	Miconia JQQ1079
nPT_Tumupa_14	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	myriantha	PT	1518	Ocotea myriantha
nPT_Palmit_147	SpeciesName	Celastraceae	Haydenoxylon	urbanianum	PT	1297	Haydenoxylon urbanianum
nPT_Buenah_218	SpeciesName	Meliaceae	Ruagea	insignis	PT	840	Ruagea insignis
nPP_Pintat_5	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	GAT1560	PP	1489	Miconia GAT1560
nPT_Resina_193	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Palicourea	grandiflora	PT	1347	Palicourea grandiflora
nPT_Resina_196	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Inga	auristellae	PT	595	Inga auristellae
nPT_Tintay_250	SpeciesName	Chrysobalanaceae	Parinari	occidentalis	PT	850	Parinari occidentalis
nPT_Cocapu_404	SpeciesName	Ebenaceae	Lissocarpa	uyat	PT	1750	Lissocarpa uyat
nPP_Resina_14	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Posoqueria	coriacea	PP	1750	Posoqueria coriacea
nPT_Telara_133	SpeciesName	Boraginaceae	Cordia	scabrifolia	PT	1000	Cordia scabrifolia
nPT_Tumupa_21	SpeciesName	Styracaceae	Styrax	foveolaria	PT	3000	Styrax foveolaria
nPP_Chiriu_2	MorphoSpeciesName	Primulaceae	Myrsine	sp2	PP	2500	Myrsine sp2
nPT_Infier_477	MorphoSpeciesName	Cyatheaceae	Cyathea	sp16	PT	1601	Cyathea sp16
PAN-02	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Endlicheria	aurea	abergPP	1400	Endlicheria aurea
TRU-06	SpeciesName	Aquifoliaceae	Ilex	aggregata	abergPP	940	Ilex aggregata
nPT_Sumpul_303	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	NPZ5097	PT	470	Ocotea NPZ5097
nPT_Culi_353	MorphoSpeciesName	Phyllanthaceae	Hieronyma	MVH157	PT	1656	Hieronyma MVH157
nPT_Yariap_2	SpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Eugenia	marlierioides	PT	820	Eugenia marlierioides
nPT_Laaltu_61	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	quadrialata	PT	2888	Miconia quadrialata
nPT_Aguapo_51	MorphoSpeciesName	Nyctaginaceae	Neea	GAT1194	PT	1254	Neea GAT1194
TRU-02	SpeciesName	Urticaceae	Myriocarpa	tatei	abergPP	2762	Myriocarpa tatei
nPT_Cocapu_399	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Elaeagia	GAT3031	PT	2179	Elaeagia GAT3031
nPT_Victop_379	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Mouriri	RS8438	PT	360	Mouriri RS8438
nPT_Wayrap_165	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Meriania	pulcherrima	PT	1947	Meriania pulcherrima
nPT_Chapar_106	SpeciesName	Phyllanthaceae	Richeria	grandis	PT	2000	Richeria grandis
nPT_Apache_366	SpeciesName	Rutaceae	Zanthoxylum	monogynum	PT	678	Zanthoxylum monogynum
nPP_Charop_47	MorphoSpeciesName	Annonaceae	Annona	MJM6104	PP	735	Annona MJM6104
SPD-01	MorphoSpeciesName	Salicaceae	Casearia	JCS9076	abergPP	2199	Casearia JCS9076
nPT_Victop_378	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	hygrophila	PT	2281	Miconia hygrophila
TU-07	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Palicourea	stipularis	abergPT	2223	Palicourea stipularis
nPT_Buenah_218	MorphoSpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Eugenia	LC277	PT	1843	Eugenia LC277
CAL-02	SpeciesName	Arecaceae	Oenocarpus	mapora	abergPP	455	Oenocarpus mapora
nPT_Victop_372	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	sessiliflora	PT	1459	Miconia sessiliflora
nPT_Tequej_29	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Bellucia	subandina	PT	820	Bellucia subandina
nPT_Tanhua_340	SpeciesName	Annonaceae	Guatteria	hirsuta	PT	800	Guatteria hirsuta
nPP_Lechem_49	SpeciesName	Cunoniaceae	Weinmannia	auriculata	PP	3537	Weinmannia auriculata
nPT_Santar_422	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	sp2	PT	1500	Ocotea sp2
nPT_Tanhua_343	SpeciesName	Linaceae	Roucheria	columbiana	PT	850	Roucheria columbiana
TRU-01	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	peruviana	abergPP	1500	Miconia peruviana
nPT_Resina_189	SpeciesName	Betulaceae	Alnus	acuminata	PT	2250	Alnus acuminata
nPP_Fuerte_27	MorphoSpeciesName	Burseraceae	Protium	sp4	PP	425	Protium sp4
nPT_Altosc_216	SpeciesName	Dipentodontaceae	Perrottetia	sessiliflora	PT	1521	Perrottetia sessiliflora
nPP_Resina_13	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	sp60	PP	2862	Miconia sp60
nPT_Ladera_132	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Inga	fendleriana	PT	2000	Inga fendleriana
nPT_Resina_193	SpeciesName	Moraceae	Ficus	cuatrecasasiana	PT	1900	Ficus cuatrecasasiana
nPP_Buenah_16	MorphoSpeciesName	Cunoniaceae	Weinmannia	AF13212	PP	2766	Weinmannia AF13212
nPT_Tumupa_18	SpeciesName	Brunelliaceae	Brunellia	rhoides	PT	2498	Brunellia rhoides
nPT_Resina_197	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	ALM173	PT	1223	Miconia ALM173
nPT_Arriba_240	SpeciesName	Nyctaginaceae	Neea	boliviana	PT	380	Neea boliviana
nPT_Laaltu_62	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Xylophragma	pratense	PT	310	Xylophragma pratense
nPT_Victop_373	SpeciesName	Cyatheaceae	Cyathea	pungens	PT	1414	Cyathea pungens
nPT_Arroyo_85	SpeciesName	Sabiaceae	Meliosma	arenosa	PT	2663	Meliosma arenosa
WAY-01	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Bignonia	sciuripabulum	abergPP	310	Bignonia sciuripabulum
nPT_Amedia_112	SpeciesName	Marcgraviaceae	Marcgravia	flagellaris	PT	194	Marcgravia flagellaris
nPT_Arroyo_384	SpeciesName	Arecaceae	Astrocaryum	gratum	PT	221	Astrocaryum gratum
nPT_Cerro2_84	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Endlicheria	ALM229	PT	1324	Endlicheria ALM229
nPT_Terraz_171	SpeciesName	Cardiopteridaceae	Citronella	incarum	PT	2419	Citronella incarum
TRU-03	SpeciesName	Pentaphylacaceae	Ternstroemia	polyandra	abergPP	2360	Ternstroemia polyandra
nPT_Cocapu_402	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Persea	LSC27	PT	2985	Persea LSC27
nPT_Santia_415	SpeciesName	Ericaceae	Gaultheria	erecta	PT	2419	Gaultheria erecta
nPT_Venado_222	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Swartzia	myrtifolia	PT	241	Swartzia myrtifolia
nPP_Buenah_17	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	molybdea	PP	2762	Miconia molybdea
nPT_Palmar_108	MorphoSpeciesName	Asteraceae	Baccharis	GAT3015	PT	2019	Baccharis GAT3015
nPT_Piñapi_152	SpeciesName	Rosaceae	Prunus	pearcei	PT	1532	Prunus pearcei
nPT_Quebra_115	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	corymbosa	PT	1532	Ocotea corymbosa
nPT_Sumpul_302	MorphoSpeciesName	Asteraceae	Pentacalia	SB29917	PT	1947	Pentacalia SB29917
RE-01	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	plumifera	abergPT	2821	Miconia plumifera
nPP_Yarimi_11	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Hippotis	MJM6235	PP	1045	Hippotis MJM6235
nPP_Heathi_7	SpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Pouteria	cuspidata	PP	1427	Pouteria cuspidata
nPT_Piedel_71	SpeciesName	Sabiaceae	Meliosma	peytonii	PT	2455	Meliosma peytonii
TRU-08	SpeciesName	Lamiaceae	Condea	tafallae	abergPP	2223	Condea tafallae
nPT_Cocapu_400	SpeciesName	Aquifoliaceae	Ilex	teratopis	PT	3200	Ilex teratopis
nPT_Tamboq_136	SpeciesName	Dilleniaceae	Doliocarpus	subandinus	PT	450	Doliocarpus subandinus
nPT_Sumpul_299	SpeciesName	Proteaceae	Panopsis	pearcei	PT	2150	Panopsis pearcei
nPT_Victop_376	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Fridericia	florida	PT	1224	Fridericia florida
nPT_Resina_198	SpeciesName	Apocynaceae	Rauvolfia	leptophylla	PT	1371	Rauvolfia leptophylla
nPT_Bosque_117	SpeciesName	Araliaceae	Dendropanax	yungasensis	PT	1430	Dendropanax yungasensis
nPT_Palmar_105	SpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Myrcia	aliena	PT	1300	Myrcia aliena
nPT_Palmar_105	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Senegalia	ILR391	PT	500	Senegalia ILR391
nPP_Yarimi_11	SpeciesName	Rosaceae	Polylepis	pauta	PP	3537	Polylepis pauta
nPT_Lambra_439	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Psychotria	sp3	PT	1500	Psychotria sp3
nPT_Tintay_250	SpeciesName	Rutaceae	Zanthoxylum	sprucei	PT	1500	Zanthoxylum sprucei
nPT_Ruinas_35	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Inga	sp	PT	1000	Inga sp
nPT_Bosque_113	SpeciesName	Escalloniaceae	Escallonia	myrtilloides	PT	3000	Escallonia myrtilloides
nPP_Mamaco_3	MorphoSpeciesName	Urticaceae	Pourouma	sp4	PP	425	Pourouma sp4
nPT_Quebra_115	MorphoSpeciesName	Annonaceae	Guatteria	sp7	PT	425	Guatteria sp7
nPT_Amedia_112	SpeciesName	Primulaceae	Myrsine	youngii	PT	3284	Myrsine youngii
nPT_Marimo_37	SpeciesName	Chloranthaceae	Hedyosmum	translucidum	PT	2676	Hedyosmum translucidum
nPP_Chalal_6	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	lamprophylla	PP	1750	Miconia lamprophylla
nPP_Tocoaq_28	MorphoSpeciesName	Clusiaceae	Clusia	sp12	PP	3389	Clusia sp12
nPT_Terraz_66	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Endlicheria	AF20980	PT	1900	Endlicheria AF20980
nPP_Lomaka_40	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Inga	capitata	PP	190	Inga capitata
nPT_Ovituy_199	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Inga	marginata	PT	1450	Inga marginata
TRU-04	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Rhodostemonodaphne	kunthiana	abergPP	1223	Rhodostemonodaphne kunthiana
nPT_Santia_415	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Aiouea	montana	PT	1804	Aiouea montana
TRU-01	SpeciesName	Sabiaceae	Meliosma	solomonii	abergPP	2697	Meliosma solomonii
nPT_Ovituy_200	SpeciesName	Meliaceae	Trichilia	pachypoda	PT	293	Trichilia pachypoda
nPT_Santar_419	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Stryphnodendron	ETP316	PT	1580	Stryphnodendron ETP316
nPT_Sector_263	SpeciesName	Gentianaceae	Macrocarpaea	bangiana	PT	2419	Macrocarpaea bangiana
nPT_Virgen_151	MorphoSpeciesName	Aquifoliaceae	Ilex	MCM745	PT	3087	Ilex MCM745
nPT_Ajusuc_168	MorphoSpeciesName	Sabiaceae	Meliosma	AM3490	PT	2074	Meliosma AM3490
nPT_Yariap_8	SpeciesName	Dichapetalaceae	Tapura	acreana	PT	213	Tapura acreana
nPT_Cerro1_83	SpeciesName	Apocynaceae	Tabernaemontana	cymosa	PT	996	Tabernaemontana cymosa
nPT_Infier_477	SpeciesName	Malvaceae	Pachira	rurrenabaqueana	PT	357	Pachira rurrenabaqueana
nPP_Huanec_20	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Psychotria	GAT2945	PP	2303	Psychotria GAT2945
nPP_Buenah_17	MorphoSpeciesName	Menispermaceae	Abuta	AF4105	PP	380	Abuta AF4105
nPT_Codoso_369	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Inga	AM3592A	PT	2090	Inga AM3592A
nPT_Culi_360	SpeciesName	Dipentodontaceae	Perrottetia	gentryi	PT	1910	Perrottetia gentryi
TON-01	SpeciesName	Malpighiaceae	Banisteriopsis	muricata	abergPP	384	Banisteriopsis muricata
nPT_Aguapo_55	SpeciesName	Malvaceae	Helicteres	lhotzkyana	PT	712	Helicteres lhotzkyana
nPT_Jaukan_219	SpeciesName	Caricaceae	Jacaratia	digitata	PT	400	Jacaratia digitata
nPT_Yariap_5	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	LC3465	PT	3189	Miconia LC3465
nPT_Cocapu_403	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	AF17303	PT	1469	Miconia AF17303
nPT_Carjat_272	MorphoSpeciesName	Aquifoliaceae	Ilex	LC3781	PT	3074	Ilex LC3781
nPT_Rocoro_109	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Brachyotum	microdon	PT	3407	Brachyotum microdon
nPT_Lambra_435	SpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Allophylus	floribundus	PT	1750	Allophylus floribundus
TU-09	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Agouticarpa	curviflora	abergPT	450	Agouticarpa curviflora
nPT_Kelluc_174	SpeciesName	Meliaceae	Trichilia	adolfi	PT	550	Trichilia adolfi
nPT_Cabece_149	SpeciesName	Malpighiaceae	Hiraea	crassipes	PT	425	Hiraea crassipes
nPP_Tapuri_46	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Palicourea	reticulata	PP	1855	Palicourea reticulata
nPP_Mamaco_3	SpeciesName	Marcgraviaceae	Souroubea	fragilis	PP	1790	Souroubea fragilis
nPT_Victop_379	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Bellucia	gracilis	PT	1493	Bellucia gracilis
nPP_Tocoaq_29	SpeciesName	Calophyllaceae	Calophyllum	brasiliense	PP	1300	Calophyllum brasiliense
nPT_Cabece_149	SpeciesName	Chrysobalanaceae	Parinari	klugii	PT	460	Parinari klugii
nPP_Sumpul_34	SpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Acalypha	stachyura	PP	500	Acalypha stachyura
nPT_Sanmig_181	SpeciesName	Malpighiaceae	Niedenzuella	stannea	PT	535	Niedenzuella stannea
nPT_Palmit_147	SpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Matayba	guianensis	PT	940	Matayba guianensis
nPP_Chaqui_32	SpeciesName	Araliaceae	Dendropanax	cuneatus	PP	1250	Dendropanax cuneatus
nPT_Palmar_105	SpeciesName	Rosaceae	Prunus	detrita	PT	1250	Prunus detrita
nPP_Tanhua_37	MorphoSpeciesName	Araliaceae	Oreopanax	sp4	PP	2890	Oreopanax sp4
nPT_Cabece_420	SpeciesName	Rosaceae	Prunus	herthae	PT	1750	Prunus herthae
nPT_Cocapu_398	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Inga	sp2	PT	1500	Inga sp2
nPT_Chicoi_170	SpeciesName	Hypericaceae	Vismia	gracilis	PT	1500	Vismia gracilis
nPT_Ladera_127	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	sp2	PT	3250	Miconia sp2
nPT_Siripi_431	SpeciesName	Araliaceae	Schefflera	allocotantha	PT	2750	Schefflera allocotantha
nPT_Despue_65	MorphoSpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Pouteria	sp2	PT	1800	Pouteria sp2
nPT_Cimach_121	SpeciesName	Urticaceae	Coussapoa	villosa	PT	1521	Coussapoa villosa
TU-03	MorphoSpeciesName	Asteraceae	Baccharis	sp3	abergPT	3627	Baccharis sp3
CA-06	MorphoSpeciesName	Primulaceae	Myrsine	sp11	abergPT	2286	Myrsine sp11
nPT_Cimaar_230	MorphoSpeciesName	Ericaceae	Gaultheria	sp1	PT	3389	Gaultheria sp1
WAY-01	SpeciesName	Clusiaceae	Clusia	flaviflora	abergPP	2862	Clusia flaviflora
nPT_Retama_44	SpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Hieronyma	moritziana	PT	2096	Hieronyma moritziana
nPT_Alsudd_248	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Persea	mutisii	PT	1970	Persea mutisii
nPP_Sanmar_23	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Ormosia	AM1981	PP	835	Ormosia AM1981
nPT_Cimaar_230	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	NCH209	PT	1538	Ocotea NCH209
TRU-08	SpeciesName	Meliaceae	Ruagea	pubescens	abergPP	1626	Ruagea pubescens
nPT_Cuchiw_119	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Aniba	guianensis	PT	1250	Aniba guianensis
nPT_Arroyo_186	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Inga	sapindoides	PT	380	Inga sapindoides
CAL-02	MorphoSpeciesName	Cunoniaceae	Weinmannia	GAT2378	abergPP	2985	Weinmannia GAT2378
nPT_Cerros_182	MorphoSpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Pouteria	CMG2008	PT	360	Pouteria CMG2008
nPT_Victop_372	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Machaerium	punctatum	PT	915	Machaerium punctatum
nPT_Sumpul_305	SpeciesName	Clusiaceae	Clusia	ternstroemioides	PT	2802	Clusia ternstroemioides
AP-01	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Handroanthus	serratifolius	abergPT	1072	Handroanthus serratifolius
nPT_Podoca_386	MorphoSpeciesName	Primulaceae	Myrsine	AF10852	PT	3074	Myrsine AF10852
nPP_Sumpul_34	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Tachigali	alba	PP	1515	Tachigali alba
nPT_Buenah_211	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Swartzia	jorori	PT	840	Swartzia jorori
nPP_Yarimi_10	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Inga	MCM169	PP	1224	Inga MCM169
nPT_Curcur_79	SpeciesName	Dilleniaceae	Tetracera	parviflora	PT	460	Tetracera parviflora
nPP_Santaa_36	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Macrocnemum	roseum	PP	500	Macrocnemum roseum
nPT_Victop_379	SpeciesName	Chrysobalanaceae	Licania	micrantha	PT	1000	Licania micrantha
nPP_Lechem_50	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	glabriflora	PP	2750	Ocotea glabriflora
nPT_Bosque_483	SpeciesName	Annonaceae	Oxandra	xylopioides	PT	425	Oxandra xylopioides
SPD-01	SpeciesName	Salicaceae	Casearia	ulmifolia	abergPP	1250	Casearia ulmifolia
AC-01	SpeciesName	Moraceae	Ficus	donnell-smithii	abergPT	1250	Ficus donnell-smithii
nPP_Chaqui_31	SpeciesName	Araliaceae	Oreopanax	kuntzei	PP	3473	Oreopanax kuntzei
nPT_Yariap_3	MorphoSpeciesName	Aquifoliaceae	Ilex	sp10	PT	2676	Ilex sp10
nPT_Cuchil_96	SpeciesName	Gentianaceae	Macrocarpaea	maguirei	PT	2548	Macrocarpaea maguirei
nPT_Tumupa_17	MorphoSpeciesName	Ebenaceae	Lissocarpa	sp1	PT	1750	Lissocarpa sp1
PAN-02	SpeciesName	Salicaceae	Casearia	zahlbruckneri	abergPP	2449	Casearia zahlbruckneri
nPT_Arriba_249	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	LC3603	PT	3324	Miconia LC3603
nPP_Fuerte_26	SpeciesName	Erythroxylaceae	Erythroxylum	citrifolium	PP	1054	Erythroxylum citrifolium
nPT_Chicoi_170	SpeciesName	Araliaceae	Aralia	soratensis	PT	662	Aralia soratensis
nPT_Planop_87	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	AM3656	PT	2510	Miconia AM3656
TU-03	SpeciesName	Gentianaceae	Tachia	parviflora	abergPT	1046	Tachia parviflora
nPT_Piara_390	SpeciesName	Rutaceae	Esenbeckia	grandiflora	PT	1005	Esenbeckia grandiflora
nPT_Piecer_183	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Calliandra	chulumania	PT	1011	Calliandra chulumania
nPT_Codo_368	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	AEC285	PT	1447	Miconia AEC285
nPT_Ajusuc_168	SpeciesName	Annonaceae	Duguetia	spixiana	PT	340	Duguetia spixiana
RE-03	SpeciesName	Pentaphylacaceae	Freziera	lanata	abergPT	2812	Freziera lanata
TON-01	MorphoSpeciesName	Araliaceae	Sciodaphyllum	GAT1618	abergPP	950	Sciodaphyllum GAT1618
nPT_Campam_238	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Palicourea	microcarpa	PT	2228	Palicourea microcarpa
nPT_Sendac_90	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Inga	GAT1258	PT	1255	Inga GAT1258
nPT_Wayrap_165	SpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Croton	tessmannii	PT	930	Croton tessmannii
nPT_Pino_262	SpeciesName	Picramniaceae	Picramnia	latifolia	PT	530	Picramnia latifolia
nPT_Aguapo_51	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Guettarda	crispiflora	PT	1250	Guettarda crispiflora
nPT_Bosque_146	SpeciesName	Aquifoliaceae	Ilex	gabrielleana	PT	1750	Ilex gabrielleana
nPT_Cercaa_235	SpeciesName	Meliaceae	Cedrela	odorata	PT	1521	Cedrela odorata
nPT_Victop_379	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	sp36	PT	2500	Miconia sp36
nPT_Sendae_371	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Faramea	sp2	PT	1750	Faramea sp2
nPT_Curich_58	MorphoSpeciesName	Arecaceae	Ceroxylon	sp1	PT	2449	Ceroxylon sp1
WAY-01	MorphoSpeciesName	Arecaceae	Ceroxylon	sp3	abergPP	1970	Ceroxylon sp3
ESP-01	SpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Actinostemon	concolor	abergPP	835	Actinostemon concolor
nPT_Ladera_128	SpeciesName	Caryocaraceae	Caryocar	dentatum	PT	1900	Caryocar dentatum
TRU-06	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Persea	AF15025A	abergPP	2766	Persea AF15025A
nPT_Yariap_10	SpeciesName	Pentaphylacaceae	Freziera	caesariata	PT	2766	Freziera caesariata
nPT_Resina_196	SpeciesName	Elaeocarpaceae	Sloanea	grandiflora	PT	1242	Sloanea grandiflora
CA-07	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Simira	macrocrater	abergPT	1400	Simira macrocrater
nPT_Bosque_116	MorphoSpeciesName	Clethraceae	Clethra	AF10699	PT	2859	Clethra AF10699
nPT_Yariap_5	SpeciesName	Asteraceae	Mikania	simpsonii	PT	270	Mikania simpsonii
nPT_Tumupa_22	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Aiouea	AEC130	PT	940	Aiouea AEC130
nPT_Tumupa_15	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Fridericia	poeppigii	PT	940	Fridericia poeppigii
nPT_Podoca_386	MorphoSpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Paullinia	BNA269	PT	194	Paullinia BNA269
nPT_Tamboq_142	MorphoSpeciesName	Elaeocarpaceae	Sloanea	AF15770	PT	1020	Sloanea AF15770
nPP_Tocoaq_28	SpeciesName	Styracaceae	Styrax	pentlandianus	PP	2698	Styrax pentlandianus
nPT_Victop_377	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	MVH167	PT	2204	Miconia MVH167
nPT_Cerro2_84	SpeciesName	Solanaceae	Solanum	asperolanatum	PT	2204	Solanum asperolanatum
nPT_Cuchil_96	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Psychotria	trichotoma	PT	1166	Psychotria trichotoma
nPP_Tapuri_46	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Nectandra	ILR334B	PP	1447	Nectandra ILR334B
nPT_Lahoya_370	SpeciesName	Hypericaceae	Vismia	pozuzoensis	PT	1930	Vismia pozuzoensis
nPP_Tanhua_37	SpeciesName	Meliaceae	Cabralea	canjerana	PP	2031	Cabralea canjerana
nPT_Palmar_160	SpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Hura	crepitans	PT	361	Hura crepitans
CA-04	SpeciesName	Calophyllaceae	Marila	plumbaginea	abergPT	950	Marila plumbaginea
nPP_Chaqui_32	SpeciesName	Asteraceae	Wedelia	aurantiaca	PP	2281	Wedelia aurantiaca
TRU-07	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Enterolobium	barnebianum	abergPP	470	Enterolobium barnebianum
nPT_Lambra_441	MorphoSpeciesName	Nyctaginaceae	Guapira	AM3118	PT	450	Guapira AM3118
nPT_Palmit_147	SpeciesName	Celastraceae	Pristimera	celastroides	PT	1790	Pristimera celastroides
nPT_Bajopp_179	SpeciesName	Chrysobalanaceae	Hirtella	rasa	PT	820	Hirtella rasa
nPT_Ppmtsu_81	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Inga	adenophylla	PT	1819	Inga adenophylla
WAY-01	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Palicourea	luteonivea	abergPP	1489	Palicourea luteonivea
nPT_Arriba_243	SpeciesName	Aquifoliaceae	Ilex	amplifolia	PT	1241	Ilex amplifolia
nPT_Bosque_483	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Diplotropis	martiusii	PT	595	Diplotropis martiusii
nPT_Camino_95	MorphoSpeciesName	Apocynaceae	Aspidosperma	sp4	PT	850	Aspidosperma sp4
nPP_Tocoaq_29	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	sp1	PP	2500	Ocotea sp1
nPT_Piara_395	SpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Alchornea	grandis	PT	2250	Alchornea grandis
nPP_Yarimi_10	SpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Incadendron	esseri	PP	2000	Incadendron esseri
nPT_Ppmtsu_81	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Persea	sp5	PT	3000	Persea sp5
nPT_Lianas_67	SpeciesName	Asteraceae	Pentacalia	oronocensis	PT	3000	Pentacalia oronocensis
nPT_Tintay_259	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Endlicheria	klugii	PT	425	Endlicheria klugii
nPP_Kañupa_44	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Elaeagia	myriantha	PP	1521	Elaeagia myriantha
SP-04	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Licaria	sp1	abergPT	1601	Licaria sp1
nPT_Incien_264	SpeciesName	Siparunaceae	Siparuna	aspera	PT	1601	Siparuna aspera
nPT_Planop_87	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	sp65	PT	2449	Miconia sp65
PI-01	SpeciesName	Cyatheaceae	Cyathea	austropallescens	abergPT	3116	Cyathea austropallescens
nPT_Ruinas_33	SpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Pausandra	trianae	PT	175	Pausandra trianae
nPT_Resina_190	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Dialium	guianense	PT	190	Dialium guianense
nPP_Sanmar_23	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Lundia	spruceana	PP	280	Lundia spruceana
nPP_Resina_13	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Ixora	LC6464	PP	1242	Ixora LC6464
nPT_Ruinas_36	MorphoSpeciesName	Simaroubaceae	Picrasma	ETP88	PT	1100	Picrasma ETP88
TRU-06	SpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Chrysophyllum	venezuelanense	abergPP	1100	Chrysophyllum venezuelanense
nPT_Buenah_218	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Senegalia	loretensis	PT	1000	Senegalia loretensis
nPT_Laaltu_62	SpeciesName	Erythroxylaceae	Erythroxylum	gracilipes	PT	400	Erythroxylum gracilipes
nPP_Tapuri_46	SpeciesName	Annonaceae	Unonopsis	spectabilis	PP	940	Unonopsis spectabilis
nPT_Encuen_47	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Nectandra	hihua	PT	1580	Nectandra hihua
nPT_Ladera_185	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Ormosia	coarctata	PT	1588	Ormosia coarctata
nPT_Yariap_10	SpeciesName	Magnoliaceae	Magnolia	madidiensis	PT	1850	Magnolia madidiensis
nPT_Pino_262	SpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Myrcia	haenkeana	PT	1766	Myrcia haenkeana
nPT_Aguapo_51	MorphoSpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Myrcia	CMG2960	PT	1735	Myrcia CMG2960
SAI-01	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Mansoa	difficilis	abergPP	209	Mansoa difficilis
nPT_Palcas_428	SpeciesName	Moraceae	Naucleopsis	glabra	PT	209	Naucleopsis glabra
TRU-06	MorphoSpeciesName	Polygonaceae	Coccoloba	AF11255	abergPP	1477	Coccoloba AF11255
TRU-08	SpeciesName	Annonaceae	Annona	boliviana	abergPP	1532	Annona boliviana
nPT_Tamboq_140	SpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Myrciaria	dubia	PT	1656	Myrciaria dubia
nPT_Siripi_431	SpeciesName	Styracaceae	Styrax	nunezii	PT	2200	Styrax nunezii
nPT_Cocapu_401	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Psychotria	GAT2721	PT	2833	Psychotria GAT2721
nPT_Fuerte_267	SpeciesName	Ericaceae	Thibaudia	floribunda	PT	3021	Thibaudia floribunda
nPT_Resina_193	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	GAT1035	PT	1330	Ocotea GAT1035
nPT_Aguapo_50	SpeciesName	Polygonaceae	Coccoloba	peruviana	PT	915	Coccoloba peruviana
nPT_Incien_264	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Persea	subcordata	PT	1930	Persea subcordata
nPP_Collpa_48	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Senna	spectabilis	PP	1094	Senna spectabilis
CA-10	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Warszewiczia	cordata	abergPT	996	Warszewiczia cordata
nPT_Culi_360	SpeciesName	Rutaceae	Angostura	longiflora	PT	340	Angostura longiflora
CA-07	SpeciesName	Malvaceae	Ochroma	pyramidale	abergPT	290	Ochroma pyramidale
nPT_Wayrap_162	MorphoSpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Marlierea	DDQ220	PT	340	Marlierea DDQ220
nPT_Corana_309	SpeciesName	Piperaceae	Piper	amalago	PT	938	Piper amalago
nPP_Chaqui_31	SpeciesName	Picramniaceae	Picramnia	sellowii	PP	938	Picramnia sellowii
nPP_Tanhua_38	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	tococa	PP	310	Miconia tococa
nPT_Culi_361	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	GAT2421	PT	2821	Ocotea GAT2421
nPT_Incien_264	SpeciesName	Meliaceae	Trichilia	hirta	PT	1910	Trichilia hirta
nPT_Siripi_431	SpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Paullinia	setosa	PT	1910	Paullinia setosa
nPP_Fuerte_27	SpeciesName	Cardiopteridaceae	Citronella	apogon	PP	1955	Citronella apogon
nPT_Fuerte_260	SpeciesName	Solanaceae	Cestrum	microcalyx	PT	735	Cestrum microcalyx
nPT_Cimapa_39	SpeciesName	Urticaceae	Boehmeria	ulmifolia	PT	2244	Boehmeria ulmifolia
nPP_Yarimi_11	SpeciesName	Escalloniaceae	Escallonia	paniculata	PP	2223	Escallonia paniculata
SPD-02	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Psychotria	bangii	abergPP	1580	Psychotria bangii
nPP_Pintat_5	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Randia	JQQ1143	PP	1518	Randia JQQ1143
nPP_Buenah_17	SpeciesName	Malpighiaceae	Niedenzuella	peruviana	PP	1248	Niedenzuella peruviana
nPT_Tequej_26	SpeciesName	Combretaceae	Terminalia	oblonga	PT	1297	Terminalia oblonga
nPP_Huanec_20	MorphoSpeciesName	Piperaceae	Piper	AM686	PP	1459	Piper AM686
nPT_Victop_374	MorphoSpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Calyptranthes	GAT1107	PT	1973	Calyptranthes GAT1107
nPT_Copalu_273	SpeciesName	Combretaceae	Terminalia	amazonia	PT	820	Terminalia amazonia
SPD-01	SpeciesName	Moraceae	Sorocea	steinbachii	abergPP	840	Sorocea steinbachii
nPP_Resina_14	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Coussarea	platyphylla	PP	840	Coussarea platyphylla
nPT_Piara_388	SpeciesName	Salicaceae	Tetrathylacium	macrophyllum	PT	925	Tetrathylacium macrophyllum
nPT_Tumupa_17	SpeciesName	Malpighiaceae	Byrsonima	crassifolia	PT	1115	Byrsonima crassifolia
AP-01	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	aureoides	abergPT	1470	Miconia aureoides
nPT_Curcur_79	MorphoSpeciesName	Ochnaceae	Ouratea	AAD380	PT	1430	Ouratea AAD380
nPT_Tamboq_138	SpeciesName	Acanthaceae	Suessenguthia	multisetosa	PT	610	Suessenguthia multisetosa
nPP_Tapuri_46	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	obovata	PP	535	Ocotea obovata
nPT_Nidoab_223	SpeciesName	Elaeocarpaceae	Sloanea	robusta	PT	595	Sloanea robusta
nPT_Sumpul_303	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Piptadenia	boliviana	PT	595	Piptadenia boliviana
nPT_Lechem_427	SpeciesName	Malvaceae	Matisia	malacocalyx	PT	595	Matisia malacocalyx
nPP_Pintat_5	SpeciesName	Annonaceae	Guatteria	dielsiana	PP	850	Guatteria dielsiana
nPP_Buenah_16	SpeciesName	Clusiaceae	Clusia	ducuoides	PP	1800	Clusia ducuoides
nPT_Entrec_244	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	sp6	PT	3000	Ocotea sp6
nPP_Resina_12	MorphoSpeciesName	Urticaceae	Pourouma	sp7	PP	800	Pourouma sp7
nPT_Sumpul_304	SpeciesName	Moraceae	Ficus	schippii	PT	1521	Ficus schippii
nPP_Titiri_42	SpeciesName	Annonaceae	Guatteria	tomentosa	PP	1521	Guatteria tomentosa
nPT_Tamboq_141	MorphoSpeciesName	Araliaceae	Schefflera	sp2	PT	3376	Schefflera sp2
nPT_Arriba_184	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	denticulata	PT	3625	Miconia denticulata
nPT_Infier_479	MorphoSpeciesName	Asteraceae	Gynoxys	sp5	PT	3625	Gynoxys sp5
nPT_Tintay_259	MorphoSpeciesName	Primulaceae	Cybianthus	sp1	PT	2449	Cybianthus sp1
nPT_Tapuri_411	SpeciesName	Monimiaceae	Mollinedia	racemosa	PT	2449	Mollinedia racemosa
nPT_Santar_419	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Bellucia	sp66	PT	1970	Bellucia sp66
nPT_Cocapu_403	SpeciesName	Lecythidaceae	Eschweilera	andina	PT	400	Eschweilera andina
nPP_Sanmar_21	SpeciesName	Arecaceae	Attalea	butyracea	PP	190	Attalea butyracea
nPT_Minapa_201	MorphoSpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Campomanesia	SPS107	PT	795	Campomanesia SPS107
nPT_Buenah_209	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	chrysophylla	PT	1242	Miconia chrysophylla
nPT_Ladera_132	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	AEC165	PT	1054	Miconia AEC165
nPT_Victop_374	SpeciesName	Nyctaginaceae	Bougainvillea	stipitata	PT	662	Bougainvillea stipitata
nPT_Despue_65	MorphoSpeciesName	Moraceae	Pseudolmedia	LC4490	PT	1223	Pseudolmedia LC4490
nPP_Lomaka_40	SpeciesName	Urticaceae	Urera	capitata	PP	1223	Urera capitata
nPP_Fuerte_26	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Nectandra	membranacea	PP	1993	Nectandra membranacea
nPP_Waturu_43	SpeciesName	Moraceae	Pseudolmedia	boliviana	PP	1993	Pseudolmedia boliviana
nPP_Resina_12	SpeciesName	Clethraceae	Clethra	pedicellaris	PP	2859	Clethra pedicellaris
TRU-05	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Simira	rubescens	abergPP	1000	Simira rubescens
nPT_Tapuri_407	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Simira	fragrans	PT	260	Simira fragrans
nPT_Wayrap_162	MorphoSpeciesName	Polygonaceae	Coccoloba	AAD615	PT	940	Coccoloba AAD615
nPT_Siripi_431	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Inga	umbellifera	PT	310	Inga umbellifera
nPT_Codo_368	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Blakea	repens	PT	1414	Blakea repens
nPT_Patasa_324	SpeciesName	Myristicaceae	Iryanthera	tessmannii	PT	330	Iryanthera tessmannii
nPT_Culi_360	SpeciesName	Annonaceae	Mosannona	parva	PT	310	Mosannona parva
nPT_Planop_87	SpeciesName	Asteraceae	Kaunia	gynoxymorpha	PT	1766	Kaunia gynoxymorpha
nPT_Yariap_3	SpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Sapium	argutum	PT	940	Sapium argutum
nPT_Copal_91	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Erythrina	amazonica	PT	1170	Erythrina amazonica
ESP-01	SpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Eugenia	feijoi	abergPP	1656	Eugenia feijoi
nPT_Piara_391	SpeciesName	Solanaceae	Solanum	nutans	PT	3579	Solanum nutans
nPT_Lambra_436	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	AF11711	PT	2360	Ocotea AF11711
nPT_Venado_222	SpeciesName	Aquifoliaceae	Ilex	andicola	PT	2985	Ilex andicola
nPT_Siripi_431	SpeciesName	Loranthaceae	Gaiadendron	punctatum	PT	3106	Gaiadendron punctatum
nPP_Tapuri_46	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Inga	gracilior	PP	360	Inga gracilior
nPT_Cerrad_150	SpeciesName	Elaeocarpaceae	Sloanea	rufa	PT	1685	Sloanea rufa
nPT_Chicoi_169	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Palicourea	amethystina	PT	2698	Palicourea amethystina
TRU-05	SpeciesName	Boraginaceae	Cordia	sprucei	abergPP	1533	Cordia sprucei
CA-03	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	GAT596	abergPT	1166	Miconia GAT596
AC-01	SpeciesName	Chrysobalanaceae	Hirtella	pilosissima	abergPT	350	Hirtella pilosissima
nPT_Tequej_25	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Senna	silvestris	PT	349	Senna silvestris
nPT_Culi_356	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Dipteryx	odorata	PT	215	Dipteryx odorata
nPT_Tamboq_135	SpeciesName	Asteraceae	Liabum	solidagineum	PT	2762	Liabum solidagineum
nPT_Culi_360	SpeciesName	Malvaceae	Sterculia	tessmannii	PT	340	Sterculia tessmannii
nPP_Tapuri_46	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Swartzia	acreana	PP	360	Swartzia acreana
PAN-02	SpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Eugenia	lambertiana	abergPP	1248	Eugenia lambertiana
nPT_Solida_97	MorphoSpeciesName	Nyctaginaceae	Neea	NPZ4862	PT	338	Neea NPZ4862
nPT_Arriba_224	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Meriania	AF17180	PT	1491	Meriania AF17180
nPP_Sanmar_22	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Axinaea	alata	PP	2812	Axinaea alata
SPD-01	SpeciesName	Ranunculaceae	Clematis	haenkeana	abergPP	2789	Clematis haenkeana
nPT_Pino_262	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Dolichandra	uncata	PT	767	Dolichandra uncata
nPP_Resina_12	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Cinchona	macrocalyx	PP	2090	Cinchona macrocalyx
nPT_Aguapo_53	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Tessmannianthus	AF16132	PT	2848	Tessmannianthus AF16132
TON-02	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	LC4365A	abergPP	780	Ocotea LC4365A
nPT_Tumupa_16	MorphoSpeciesName	Annonaceae	Xylopia	MJM6217	PT	925	Xylopia MJM6217
nPT_Ppmnor_80	SpeciesName	Chrysobalanaceae	Licania	lata	PT	905	Licania lata
nPT_Incien_264	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Jacaranda	copaia	PT	950	Jacaranda copaia
nPP_Resina_14	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	pyrifolia	PP	950	Miconia pyrifolia
nPT_Arriba_239	SpeciesName	Marcgraviaceae	Sarcopera	anomala	PT	1427	Sarcopera anomala
nPT_Rincon_362	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Rudgea	ciliata	PT	2455	Rudgea ciliata
TRU-08	SpeciesName	Piperaceae	Piper	trichorhachis	abergPP	1297	Piper trichorhachis
RE-03	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Senegalia	tenuifolia	abergPT	950	Senegalia tenuifolia
nPT_Jaukan_219	SpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Talisia	croatii	PT	515	Talisia croatii
CA-09	SpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Eugenia	polystachya	abergPT	550	Eugenia polystachya
SPD-01	SpeciesName	Siparunaceae	Siparuna	subinodora	abergPP	550	Siparuna subinodora
nPT_Jaukan_219	SpeciesName	Loganiaceae	Strychnos	mitscherlichii	PT	455	Strychnos mitscherlichii
nPP_Chaqui_32	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Condaminea	elegans	PP	820	Condaminea elegans
TRU-06	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Lundia	corymbifera	abergPP	840	Lundia corymbifera
nPP_Jucuma_35	SpeciesName	Apocynaceae	Pacouria	boliviensis	PP	950	Pacouria boliviensis
nPP_Resina_14	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Vatairea	fusca	PP	1070	Vatairea fusca
nPP_Chalal_6	SpeciesName	Arecaceae	Bactris	concinna	PP	515	Bactris concinna
nPT_Cimaas_125	MorphoSpeciesName	Malpighiaceae	Tetrapterys	MJM4217	PT	535	Tetrapterys MJM4217
nPT_Santaa_352	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	bullata	PT	3625	Miconia bullata
nPT_Cocapu_397	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Inga	densiflora	PT	595	Inga densiflora
TRU-03	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Cedrelinga	cateniformis	abergPP	595	Cedrelinga cateniformis
nPT_Palmar_105	SpeciesName	Lamiaceae	Aegiphila	saltensis	PT	3250	Aegiphila saltensis
nPT_Infier_477	MorphoSpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Myrcia	sp	PT	2000	Myrcia sp
nPT_Pino_262	SpeciesName	Adoxaceae	Viburnum	ayavacense	PT	1800	Viburnum ayavacense
nPP_Heathi_7	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	sp7	PP	1800	Ocotea sp7
nPT_Tumupa_19	SpeciesName	Erythroxylaceae	Erythroxylum	deciduum	PT	3000	Erythroxylum deciduum
nPT_Mutune_236	SpeciesName	Annonaceae	Guatteria	duodecima	PT	1521	Guatteria duodecima
nPT_Piara_392	SpeciesName	Malvaceae	Heliocarpus	americanus	PT	1250	Heliocarpus americanus
nPT_Sanroq_228	MorphoSpeciesName	Moraceae	Ficus	sp4	PT	1250	Ficus sp4
nPT_Fuerte_271	SpeciesName	Arecaceae	Geonoma	weberbaueri	PT	3030	Geonoma weberbaueri
nPP_Heatht_8	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	calophylla	PP	1983	Miconia calophylla
TU-07	SpeciesName	Burseraceae	Protium	sagotianum	abergPT	1983	Protium sagotianum
nPT_Tequej_26	SpeciesName	Olacaceae	Heisteria	acuminata	PT	1478	Heisteria acuminata
nPT_Tumupa_19	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Leandra	sp3	PT	1478	Leandra sp3
nPT_Chaqui_148	MorphoSpeciesName	Arecaceae	Bactris	sp1	PT	1478	Bactris sp1
TU-07	MorphoSpeciesName	Ericaceae	Disterigma	sp1	abergPT	3389	Disterigma sp1
nPT_Tanhua_337	SpeciesName	Proteaceae	Roupala	monosperma	PT	1970	Roupala monosperma
nPT_Piara_394	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Ferdinandusa	APC197	PT	190	Ferdinandusa APC197
nPP_Yarimi_11	SpeciesName	Rutaceae	Zanthoxylum	ekmanii	PP	280	Zanthoxylum ekmanii
TRU-06	SpeciesName	Annonaceae	Guatteria	oblongifolia	abergPP	1242	Guatteria oblongifolia
nPT_Lambra_441	SpeciesName	Moraceae	Ficus	citrifolia	PT	1626	Ficus citrifolia
nPT_Wayrap_164	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Piptadenia	buchtienii	PT	880	Piptadenia buchtienii
nPT_Cocapu_403	SpeciesName	Asteraceae	Vernonanthura	patens	PT	1804	Vernonanthura patens
nPP_Tintay_24	SpeciesName	Solanaceae	Solanum	clandestinum	PP	2859	Solanum clandestinum
nPT_Lalomi_59	SpeciesName	Primulaceae	Myrsine	latifolia	PT	1180	Myrsine latifolia
nPT_Turnia_118	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Tanaecium	xanthophyllum	PT	260	Tanaecium xanthophyllum
nPP_Resina_13	SpeciesName	Apocynaceae	Forsteronia	acouci	PP	189	Forsteronia acouci
nPP_Jucuma_35	SpeciesName	Lecythidaceae	Cariniana	ianeirensis	PP	974	Cariniana ianeirensis
nPT_Terraz_171	SpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Eugenia	acrensis	PT	1102	Eugenia acrensis
nPT_Resina_190	MorphoSpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Calyptranthes	AEC151	PT	1046	Calyptranthes AEC151
nPT_Lambra_435	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Tournefortiopsis	dependens	PT	1850	Tournefortiopsis dependens
nPT_Detras_177	SpeciesName	Onagraceae	Fuchsia	boliviana	PT	2570	Fuchsia boliviana
SPD-02	SpeciesName	Erythroxylaceae	Erythroxylum	macrophyllum	abergPP	1330	Erythroxylum macrophyllum
nPT_Puente_383	SpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Serjania	marginata	PT	1469	Serjania marginata
TRU-07	SpeciesName	Piperaceae	Piper	arboreum	abergPP	349	Piper arboreum
nPT_Tamboq_143	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	AEC335	PT	1750	Ocotea AEC335
nPT_Yariap_7	SpeciesName	Moraceae	Morus	insignis	PT	2762	Morus insignis
PAN-02	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Cinnamomum	FZR1488	abergPP	1491	Cinnamomum FZR1488
nPT_Infier_478	SpeciesName	Primulaceae	Cybianthus	psychotriifolius	PT	1045	Cybianthus psychotriifolius
nPT_Yariap_7	SpeciesName	Lamiaceae	Vitex	triflora	PT	950	Vitex triflora
nPT_Ovituy_199	SpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Eugenia	neosilvestris	PT	905	Eugenia neosilvestris
TRU-08	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Nectandra	longifolia	abergPP	950	Nectandra longifolia
nPT_Fuerte_260	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Malanea	AF16936	PT	1427	Malanea AF16936
SAI-01	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Psychotria	tipuanensis	abergPP	2455	Psychotria tipuanensis
CA-06	SpeciesName	Asteraceae	Piptocarpha	poeppigiana	abergPT	1197	Piptocarpha poeppigiana
ESP-01	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Aiouea	tomentella	abergPP	1321	Aiouea tomentella
nPP_Resina_13	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	AF11657	PP	1990	Miconia AF11657
nPT_Alfren_64	MorphoSpeciesName	Asteraceae	Mikania	GAT286	PT	1578	Mikania GAT286
TRU-02	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Pimentelia	glomerata	abergPP	1616	Pimentelia glomerata
nPT_Tintay_254	MorphoSpeciesName	Siparunaceae	Siparuna	NCH245	PT	1972	Siparuna NCH245
nPT_Cuchil_96	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	staphidioides	PT	2237	Miconia staphidioides
nPT_Sendae_371	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Margaritopsis	cephalantha	PT	455	Margaritopsis cephalantha
nPP_Buenah_17	SpeciesName	Gesneriaceae	Sanango	racemosum	PP	820	Sanango racemosum
PI-01	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Mouriri	apiranga	abergPT	840	Mouriri apiranga
nPP_Tanhua_37	MorphoSpeciesName	Aquifoliaceae	Ilex	LC2925B	PP	2150	Ilex LC2925B
nPP_Sumpul_34	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Psychotria	GAT2257	PP	1299	Psychotria GAT2257
nPT_Ovituy_199	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	sp	PT	3625	Miconia sp
nPT_Aguapo_56	MorphoSpeciesName	Urticaceae	Cecropia	sp10	PT	1500	Cecropia sp10
nPP_Buenah_16	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	sp14	PP	1250	Ocotea sp14
nPT_Ladera_185	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Nectandra	sp16	PT	2890	Nectandra sp16
nPT_Santat_120	SpeciesName	Chloranthaceae	Hedyosmum	peruvianum	PT	2890	Hedyosmum peruvianum
nPT_Tanhua_340	SpeciesName	Moraceae	Brosimum	rubescens	PT	850	Brosimum rubescens
nPT_Aguapo_55	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Palicourea	sp7	PT	1500	Palicourea sp7
nPT_Ladera_132	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Persea	sp	PT	3000	Persea sp
nPT_Resina_198	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Beilschmiedia	latifolia	PT	2000	Beilschmiedia latifolia
nPT_Bejucal_45	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	sp26	PT	2000	Ocotea sp26
nPT_Yariap_10	MorphoSpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Sarcaulus	sp2	PT	1250	Sarcaulus sp2
nPT_Podoca_386	SpeciesName	Moraceae	Ficus	macbridei	PT	1250	Ficus macbridei
nPT_Marimo_37	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	sp73	PT	2676	Miconia sp73
nPT_Resina_197	SpeciesName	Monimiaceae	Mollinedia	tessmannii	PT	1983	Mollinedia tessmannii
nPT_Rumi_424	SpeciesName	Araliaceae	Oreopanax	cuscoensis	PT	2449	Oreopanax cuscoensis
nPT_Santaa_350	SpeciesName	Meliaceae	Trichilia	tuberculata	PT	1150	Trichilia tuberculata
CA-10	SpeciesName	Arecaceae	Syagrus	sancona	abergPT	850	Syagrus sancona
nPT_Camino_95	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Persea	AM3535	PT	2200	Persea AM3535
nPT_Santaa_350	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Coussarea	paniculata	PT	1005	Coussarea paniculata
nPT_Bosque_483	SpeciesName	Aquifoliaceae	Ilex	paraguariensis	PT	1533	Ilex paraguariensis
nPT_Laaltu_61	SpeciesName	Meliaceae	Trichilia	micrantha	PT	350	Trichilia micrantha
nPT_Fuerte_271	SpeciesName	Annonaceae	Xylopia	cuspidata	PT	349	Xylopia cuspidata
nPT_Palmar_161	SpeciesName	Malvaceae	Apeiba	membranacea	PT	232	Apeiba membranacea
nPP_Buenah_17	SpeciesName	Dilleniaceae	Curatella	americana	PP	232	Curatella americana
TRU-07	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Endlicheria	metallica	abergPP	357	Endlicheria metallica
nPT_Santaa_348	SpeciesName	Piperaceae	Piper	lehmannianum	PT	357	Piper lehmannianum
nPT_Victop_379	SpeciesName	Siparunaceae	Siparuna	tomentosa	PT	1491	Siparuna tomentosa
nPP_Resina_12	MorphoSpeciesName	Pentaphylacaceae	Freziera	AF6855	PP	2223	Freziera AF6855
ESP-01	MorphoSpeciesName	Marcgraviaceae	Marcgravia	MCM1135	abergPP	2358	Marcgravia MCM1135
WAY-01	MorphoSpeciesName	Malpighiaceae	Tetrapterys	MJM5191	abergPP	840	Tetrapterys MJM5191
nPT_Bosque_483	MorphoSpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Siphoneugena	MJM4727	PT	1070	Siphoneugena MJM4727
nPT_Santaa_346	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Endlicheria	bracteata	PT	500	Endlicheria bracteata
nPT_Cocapu_403	SpeciesName	Myristicaceae	Virola	flexuosa	PT	1500	Virola flexuosa
nPT_Terraz_171	SpeciesName	Annonaceae	Annona	mucosa	PT	1250	Annona mucosa
nPT_Bosque_146	SpeciesName	Olacaceae	Minquartia	guianensis	PT	595	Minquartia guianensis
nPT_Cuchil_96	SpeciesName	Stemonuraceae	Discophora	guianensis	PT	850	Discophora guianensis
nPT_Yuyo_155	SpeciesName	Caryocaraceae	Caryocar	pallidum	PT	1500	Caryocar pallidum
nPP_Sumpul_33	SpeciesName	Annonaceae	Xylopia	calophylla	PP	1000	Xylopia calophylla
nPT_Retama_44	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Posoqueria	latifolia	PT	1521	Posoqueria latifolia
nPT_Incien_264	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	sp19	PT	1521	Ocotea sp19
nPP_Waturu_43	SpeciesName	Urticaceae	Pourouma	herrerensis	PP	1250	Pourouma herrerensis
nPT_Buenah_214	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	sp21	PT	1750	Ocotea sp21
nPT_Sumpul_307	SpeciesName	Calophyllaceae	Marila	tomentosa	PT	400	Marila tomentosa
nPT_Cerro2_84	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Calycophyllum	megistocaulum	PT	190	Calycophyllum megistocaulum
nPT_Santar_419	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Inga	tomentosa	PT	280	Inga tomentosa
CA-06	SpeciesName	Malpighiaceae	Byrsonima	arthropoda	abergPT	1538	Byrsonima arthropoda
TRU-03	MorphoSpeciesName	Rosaceae	Prunus	GAT2091	abergPP	1054	Prunus GAT2091
nPT_Tumupa_18	SpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Chrysophyllum	marginatum	PT	1020	Chrysophyllum marginatum
nPT_Santaa_347	SpeciesName	Ebenaceae	Diospyros	inconstans	PT	1250	Diospyros inconstans
nPT_Culi_355	SpeciesName	Salicaceae	Prockia	crucis	PT	1804	Prockia crucis
nPT_Ladera_88	MorphoSpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Sapium	LC3266	PT	1804	Sapium LC3266
nPT_Bosque_480	SpeciesName	Araliaceae	Oreopanax	boliviensis	PT	2889	Oreopanax boliviensis
nPP_Pintat_5	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Palicourea	ottonis	PP	1468	Palicourea ottonis
nPT_Ruinas_34	MorphoSpeciesName	Aquifoliaceae	Ilex	AF16438	PT	3035	Ilex AF16438
nPT_Marimo_37	SpeciesName	Verbenaceae	Petrea	volubilis	PT	470	Petrea volubilis
nPP_Hondo_1	SpeciesName	Berberidaceae	Berberis	ciliaris	PP	3473	Berberis ciliaris
nPT_Tolar2_154	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Dioicodendron	dioicum	PT	1588	Dioicodendron dioicum
nPT_Sendae_371	SpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Allophylus	mollis	PT	1351	Allophylus mollis
QU-02	SpeciesName	Putranjivaceae	Drypetes	brevipedicellata	abergPT	209	Drypetes brevipedicellata
APK-01	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Coursetia	brachyrhachis	abergPP	873	Coursetia brachyrhachis
nPT_Piara_394	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	cordata	PT	2030	Miconia cordata
nPT_Bejucal_45	SpeciesName	Malvaceae	Matisia	ochrocalyx	PT	360	Matisia ochrocalyx
nPP_Tanhua_38	SpeciesName	Acanthaceae	Mendoncia	lindavii	PP	1239	Mendoncia lindavii
nPT_Tapuri_409	SpeciesName	Primulaceae	Clavija	lancifolia	PT	241	Clavija lancifolia
TON-01	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Machaerium	amplum	abergPP	827	Machaerium amplum
nPT_Resina_198	SpeciesName	Asteraceae	Pentacalia	jelskii	PT	3076	Pentacalia jelskii
TRU-08	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	AM3726	abergPP	1750	Miconia AM3726
nPP_Chiriu_2	SpeciesName	Cannabaceae	Celtis	brasiliensis	PP	923	Celtis brasiliensis
nPT_Lambra_437	SpeciesName	Meliaceae	Cedrela	fissilis	PT	979	Cedrela fissilis
nPT_Yariap_8	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Carapichea	dolichophylla	PT	320	Carapichea dolichophylla
nPT_Resina_189	SpeciesName	Piperaceae	Piper	rusbyi	PT	2019	Piper rusbyi
nPT_Cabece_420	MorphoSpeciesName	Solanaceae	Lycianthes	GAT3099	PT	2203	Lycianthes GAT3099
nPT_Arroyo_225	SpeciesName	Burseraceae	Protium	puncticulatum	PT	300	Protium puncticulatum
nPP_Chaqui_31	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Aiouea	grandifolia	PP	600	Aiouea grandifolia
nPT_Tapuri_412	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	AF8897	PT	1936	Miconia AF8897
nPP_Santaa_36	SpeciesName	Dilleniaceae	Doliocarpus	amazonicus	PP	1045	Doliocarpus amazonicus
nPT_Tanhua_343	SpeciesName	Aquifoliaceae	Ilex	pseudoebenacea	PT	3200	Ilex pseudoebenacea
nPT_Mara_131	SpeciesName	Polygalaceae	Bredemeyera	densiflora	PT	1042	Bredemeyera densiflora
nPP_Tanhua_38	SpeciesName	Asteraceae	Dendrophorbium	multinerve	PP	3225	Dendrophorbium multinerve
nPT_Turnia_118	SpeciesName	Meliaceae	Guarea	purusana	PT	550	Guarea purusana
CA-03	SpeciesName	Rutaceae	Zanthoxylum	pucro	abergPT	455	Zanthoxylum pucro
nPP_Sumpul_34	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Machaerium	cuspidatum	PP	455	Machaerium cuspidatum
nPT_Alsura_229	SpeciesName	Celastraceae	Hylenaea	praecelsa	PT	800	Hylenaea praecelsa
nPP_Jucuma_35	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Persea	haenkeana	PP	2150	Persea haenkeana
nPT_Cerro1_83	MorphoSpeciesName	Araliaceae	Sciodaphyllum	GAT1589	PT	1386	Sciodaphyllum GAT1589
nPP_Fuerte_27	MorphoSpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Calyptranthes	AAD613	PP	1300	Calyptranthes AAD613
nPT_Victop_379	MorphoSpeciesName	Urticaceae	Urera	sp1	PT	1500	Urera sp1
TRU-02	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Nectandra	sp5	abergPP	1500	Nectandra sp5
nPT_Tequej_25	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Hillia	parasitica	PT	1250	Hillia parasitica
nPT_Planor_102	SpeciesName	Araliaceae	Schefflera	sprucei	PT	850	Schefflera sprucei
nPT_Cabece_149	SpeciesName	Araliaceae	Dendropanax	weberbaueri	PT	1750	Dendropanax weberbaueri
nPP_Chaqui_31	SpeciesName	Meliaceae	Guarea	silvatica	PP	1000	Guarea silvatica
nPT_Tamboq_136	SpeciesName	Cyatheaceae	Cyathea	obnoxia	PT	2750	Cyathea obnoxia
nPT_Lalomi_59	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Psychotria	sp2	PT	2250	Psychotria sp2
nPT_Palmit_144	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Palicourea	sulphurea	PT	2000	Palicourea sulphurea
nPT_Amedia_112	SpeciesName	Hypericaceae	Vismia	tomentosa	PT	1800	Vismia tomentosa
nPT_Chapar_106	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	sp13	PT	800	Miconia sp13
nPP_Tocoaq_30	SpeciesName	Aquifoliaceae	Ilex	karstenii	PP	3376	Ilex karstenii
nPT_Resina_188	SpeciesName	Araliaceae	Dendropanax	capitatus	PT	2245	Dendropanax capitatus
nPP_Fuerte_27	MorphoSpeciesName	Primulaceae	Myrsine	sp5	PP	2245	Myrsine sp5
nPT_Corana_310	MorphoSpeciesName	Ericaceae	Cavendishia	sp1	PT	3521	Cavendishia sp1
nPT_Tanhua_339	SpeciesName	Annonaceae	Guatteria	boliviana	PT	1478	Guatteria boliviana
nPT_Apache_364	SpeciesName	Solanaceae	Solanum	maturecalvens	PT	3625	Solanum maturecalvens
nPP_Heatht_8	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Nectandra	sp15	PP	2900	Nectandra sp15
TRU-05	SpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Cupania	americana	abergPP	1150	Cupania americana
nPP_Tapuri_46	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Inga	punctata	PP	1247	Inga punctata
nPT_Laurel_426	SpeciesName	Burseraceae	Trattinnickia	peruviana	PT	190	Trattinnickia peruviana
nPT_Tintay_254	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Pleurothyrium	intermedium	PT	280	Pleurothyrium intermedium
nPP_Heathi_7	SpeciesName	Salicaceae	Xylosma	velutina	PP	840	Xylosma velutina
nPT_Siripi_431	SpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Campomanesia	lineatifolia	PT	1250	Campomanesia lineatifolia
nPT_Bosque_113	MorphoSpeciesName	Moraceae	Ficus	NPZ4963	PT	362	Ficus NPZ4963
nPT_Sumpul_302	MorphoSpeciesName	Malpighiaceae	Bunchosia	AF11740	PT	1180	Bunchosia AF11740
nPP_Titiri_42	SpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Acalypha	diversifolia	PP	1408	Acalypha diversifolia
nPT_Tintay_258	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	PCL181	PT	1654	Ocotea PCL181
nPT_Ruinas_35	SpeciesName	Solanaceae	Solanum	extensum	PT	1170	Solanum extensum
nPT_Sumpul_303	SpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Paullinia	obovata	PT	1219	Paullinia obovata
nPT_Ruinas_32	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	AEC147	PT	1046	Ocotea AEC147
nPT_Victop_374	SpeciesName	Cyatheaceae	Cyathea	conjugata	PT	1970	Cyathea conjugata
PAN-03	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Bignonia	decora	abergPP	232	Bignonia decora
nPT_Resina_193	SpeciesName	Polygonaceae	Magoniella	obidensis	PT	923	Magoniella obidensis
TRU-08	SpeciesName	Cunoniaceae	Weinmannia	trianaea	abergPP	3243	Weinmannia trianaea
nPT_Infier_478	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	AF12244	PT	2210	Ocotea AF12244
nPT_Cabece_255	MorphoSpeciesName	Piperaceae	Piper	DC102	PT	946	Piper DC102
nPT_Tolar1_153	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Plathymenia	reticulata	PT	1164	Plathymenia reticulata
nPT_Lambra_434	MorphoSpeciesName	Vitaceae	Cissus	MJM4596	PT	354	Cissus MJM4596
nPT_Siripi_432	SpeciesName	Bixaceae	Cochlospermum	vitifolium	PT	796	Cochlospermum vitifolium
nPP_Heathi_7	MorphoSpeciesName	Marcgraviaceae	Souroubea	MJM6980	PP	950	Souroubea MJM6980
nPT_Aguapo_56	SpeciesName	Symplocaceae	Symplocos	colorata	PT	2281	Symplocos colorata
nPP_Tapuri_46	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Inga	FCM355	PP	1843	Inga FCM355
nPT_Tolar2_154	SpeciesName	Anacardiaceae	Astronium	lecointei	PT	1042	Astronium lecointei
nPT_Santar_421	MorphoSpeciesName	Asteraceae	Gynoxys	JQQ822	PT	3225	Gynoxys JQQ822
nPT_Rumi_424	SpeciesName	Primulaceae	Clavija	poeppigii	PT	550	Clavija poeppigii
TON-01	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	rupticalyx	abergPP	1459	Miconia rupticalyx
nPT_Arriba_242	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Rudgea	MCM161	PT	1400	Rudgea MCM161
nPP_Tanhua_38	SpeciesName	Piperaceae	Piper	augustum	PP	810	Piper augustum
nPT_Resina_193	SpeciesName	Nyctaginaceae	Neea	mapirensis	PT	840	Neea mapirensis
nPT_Codoso_369	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	AAD113	PT	1493	Ocotea AAD113
nPT_Loma_72	SpeciesName	Convolvulaceae	Dicranostyles	ampla	PT	1386	Dicranostyles ampla
nPT_Limonu_176	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Palicourea	guianensis	PT	1300	Palicourea guianensis
nPT_Cuchil_96	SpeciesName	Malpighiaceae	Adelphia	macrophylla	PT	530	Adelphia macrophylla
nPT_Palmit_93	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Nectandra	sp48	PT	1500	Nectandra sp48
nPT_Piara_390	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Cyathostegia	mathewsii	PT	1000	Cyathostegia mathewsii
WAY-01	SpeciesName	Nyctaginaceae	Neea	parviflora	abergPP	1000	Neea parviflora
nPP_Tintay_25	MorphoSpeciesName	Araliaceae	Oreopanax	sp2	PP	2500	Oreopanax sp2
nPT_Tomamo_265	MorphoSpeciesName	Clethraceae	Clethra	sp3	PT	2000	Clethra sp3
TU-01	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	sp12	abergPT	800	Ocotea sp12
nPT_Tamboq_143	SpeciesName	Elaeocarpaceae	Sloanea	stipitata	PT	800	Sloanea stipitata
nPT_Yariap_4	SpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Pouteria	procera	PT	1250	Pouteria procera
SAI-02	SpeciesName	Theaceae	Gordonia	planchonii	abergPP	2750	Gordonia planchonii
nPP_Sumpul_34	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Persea	sp12	PP	2750	Persea sp12
nPT_Encuen_47	MorphoSpeciesName	Cyatheaceae	Cyathea	sp6	PT	2548	Cyathea sp6
nPT_Kelluc_174	MorphoSpeciesName	Cyatheaceae	Cyathea	sp4	PT	2548	Cyathea sp4
nPT_Culi_356	SpeciesName	Symplocaceae	Symplocos	spruceana	PT	1750	Symplocos spruceana
nPT_Tapuri_407	SpeciesName	Ericaceae	Demosthenesia	mandonii	PT	3389	Demosthenesia mandonii
nPT_Cocapu_401	SpeciesName	Vochysiaceae	Qualea	tessmannii	PT	190	Qualea tessmannii
nPT_Paripa_429	SpeciesName	Calophyllaceae	Marila	laxiflora	PT	1242	Marila laxiflora
nPT_Victop_372	SpeciesName	Vochysiaceae	Vochysia	gigantea	PT	1626	Vochysia gigantea
nPT_Arroyo_175	SpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Allophylus	edulis	PT	1250	Allophylus edulis
nPT_Arriba_239	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Inga	LC4134B	PT	1468	Inga LC4134B
nPP_Lomasa_39	SpeciesName	Moraceae	Batocarpus	amazonicus	PP	293	Batocarpus amazonicus
nPT_Ribera_74	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Machaerium	CMG3049	PT	1824	Machaerium CMG3049
nPT_Apache_364	SpeciesName	Urticaceae	Coussapoa	asperifolia	PT	1477	Coussapoa asperifolia
nPT_Culi_356	SpeciesName	Asteraceae	Baccharis	oblongifolia	PT	2833	Baccharis oblongifolia
nPT_Amedia_112	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Inga	expansa	PT	2074	Inga expansa
nPT_Tintay_258	SpeciesName	Hypericaceae	Vismia	subcuneata	PT	1254	Vismia subcuneata
nPT_Tumupa_15	SpeciesName	Apocynaceae	Mandevilla	boliviensis	PT	1430	Mandevilla boliviensis
nPT_Cerros_182	SpeciesName	Acanthaceae	Mendoncia	aspera	PT	1930	Mendoncia aspera
nPP_Chiriu_2	SpeciesName	Violaceae	Rinoreocarpus	ulei	PP	390	Rinoreocarpus ulei
nPT_Santar_419	MorphoSpeciesName	Celastraceae	Cheiloclinium	APC99	PT	357	Cheiloclinium APC99
nPT_Ppmnor_99	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	longifolia	PT	2019	Ocotea longifolia
nPP_Fuerte_27	SpeciesName	Asteraceae	Dendrophorbium	curvidens	PP	2203	Dendrophorbium curvidens
nPT_Tequej_29	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Xylophragma	platyphyllum	PT	360	Xylophragma platyphyllum
nPT_Amedia_112	SpeciesName	Arecaceae	Chamaedorea	linearis	PT	1532	Chamaedorea linearis
nPP_Sanmar_23	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Axinaea	JGM31	PP	2789	Axinaea JGM31
nPP_Tapuri_46	MorphoSpeciesName	Cunoniaceae	Weinmannia	ECQ89	PP	2848	Weinmannia ECQ89
nPP_Sanmar_23	SpeciesName	Urticaceae	Boehmeria	caudata	PP	1955	Boehmeria caudata
nPT_Piedem_103	SpeciesName	Passifloraceae	Turnera	weddelliana	PT	773	Turnera weddelliana
nPT_Orilla_129	SpeciesName	Asteraceae	Piptocarpha	lechleri	PT	925	Piptocarpha lechleri
nPT_Tintay_252	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Cinchona	ILR1042	PT	2552	Cinchona ILR1042
nPT_Sanmig_181	MorphoSpeciesName	Asteraceae	Mikania	ILR1855	PT	2188	Mikania ILR1855
nPT_Bosque_114	SpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Eugenia	biflora	PT	1790	Eugenia biflora
nPT_Victop_378	SpeciesName	Moraceae	Ficus	boliviana	PT	805	Ficus boliviana
nPT_Tomamo_265	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Aniba	perutilis	PT	1334	Aniba perutilis
nPT_Puente_383	SpeciesName	Staphyleaceae	Staphylea	occidentalis	PT	530	Staphylea occidentalis
nPT_Lambra_437	SpeciesName	Annonaceae	Rollinia	cuspidata	PT	1250	Rollinia cuspidata
nPP_Buenah_16	MorphoSpeciesName	Meliaceae	Guarea	sp2	PP	595	Guarea sp2
nPT_Tomamo_265	SpeciesName	Pentaphylacaceae	Ternstroemia	brachypoda	PT	2750	Ternstroemia brachypoda
TON-01	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Endlicheria	sp2	abergPP	1800	Endlicheria sp2
nPT_Tumupa_23	MorphoSpeciesName	Chrysobalanaceae	Hirtella	sp3	PT	425	Hirtella sp3
nPT_Ruinas_32	SpeciesName	Clusiaceae	Chrysochlamys	ulei	PT	1250	Chrysochlamys ulei
nPT_Sumpul_305	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Nectandra	sp77	PT	2245	Nectandra sp77
CA-05	MorphoSpeciesName	Quiinaceae	Quiina	sp2	abergPT	1983	Quiina sp2
nPT_Tamboq_139	SpeciesName	Annonaceae	Guatteria	terminalis	PT	2096	Guatteria terminalis
CAL-01	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Diplotropis	peruviana	abergPP	1242	Diplotropis peruviana
SAI-02	MorphoSpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Calyptranthes	AM3415	abergPP	1804	Calyptranthes AM3415
nPT_Incien_264	SpeciesName	Burseraceae	Protium	heptaphyllum	PT	420	Protium heptaphyllum
APK-01	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Fridericia	celastroides	abergPP	420	Fridericia celastroides
nPP_Resina_12	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Anemopaegma	insculptum	PP	1650	Anemopaegma insculptum
nPP_Terraz_41	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	BNA747	PP	221	Ocotea BNA747
nPT_Yariap_10	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Pyrostegia	venusta	PT	1075	Pyrostegia venusta
nPP_Terraz_41	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Dioclea	VTF140	PP	1075	Dioclea VTF140
nPT_Palmit_144	MorphoSpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Myrcia	LC2899	PT	1656	Myrcia LC2899
nPT_Resina_187	MorphoSpeciesName	Symplocaceae	Symplocos	LC3482	PT	3162	Symplocos LC3482
nPT_Almedr_101	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Notopleura	epiphytica	PT	1496	Notopleura epiphytica
nPT_Cimaas_125	SpeciesName	Polygalaceae	Moutabea	aculeata	PT	280	Moutabea aculeata
nPP_Fuerte_27	SpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Paullinia	elegans	PP	224	Paullinia elegans
nPT_Tanhua_340	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Elaeagia	AF17338	PT	2031	Elaeagia AF17338
nPT_Ovituy_204	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Tynanthus	villosus	PT	1248	Tynanthus villosus
WAY-01	SpeciesName	Nyctaginaceae	Neea	buchtienii	abergPP	1070	Neea buchtienii
nPT_Lambra_434	SpeciesName	Ericaceae	Thibaudia	diphylla	PT	2826	Thibaudia diphylla
nPT_Tomamo_265	SpeciesName	Vochysiaceae	Qualea	grandiflora	PT	1164	Qualea grandiflora
nPT_Piara_391	SpeciesName	Malpighiaceae	Mascagnia	glabrata	PT	365	Mascagnia glabrata
nPP_Lechem_50	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Rudgea	poeppigii	PP	384	Rudgea poeppigii
nPP_Sanmar_23	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Poecilanthe	AFC88	PP	1180	Poecilanthe AFC88
nPT_Santaa_345	SpeciesName	Convolvulaceae	Dicranostyles	mildbraediana	PT	950	Dicranostyles mildbraediana
TRU-07	SpeciesName	Asteraceae	Barnadesia	pycnophylla	abergPP	3225	Barnadesia pycnophylla
ESP-01	SpeciesName	Asteraceae	Munnozia	hastifolia	abergPP	1750	Munnozia hastifolia
nPT_Culi_355	MorphoSpeciesName	Boraginaceae	Cordia	MJM6000	PT	550	Cordia MJM6000
nPT_Lianas_67	SpeciesName	Malpighiaceae	Dicella	conwayi	PT	945	Dicella conwayi
nPT_Pucara_227	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Senegalia	amazonica	PT	972	Senegalia amazonica
nPP_Tocoaq_30	SpeciesName	Urticaceae	Pourouma	tomentosa	PP	1347	Pourouma tomentosa
nPT_Piara_387	SpeciesName	Malvaceae	Guazuma	ulmifolia	PT	560	Guazuma ulmifolia
nPT_Santaa_351	SpeciesName	Menispermaceae	Sciadotenia	toxifera	PT	560	Sciadotenia toxifera
nPT_Palca_425	SpeciesName	Myristicaceae	Virola	mollissima	PT	1500	Virola mollissima
nPT_Bromel_122	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Cinnamomum	triplinerve	PT	1250	Cinnamomum triplinerve
SAI-02	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Faramea	torquata	abergPP	850	Faramea torquata
nPT_Aguapo_54	SpeciesName	Actinidiaceae	Saurauia	peruviana	PT	1750	Saurauia peruviana
nPT_Piara_392	MorphoSpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Chrysophyllum	sp2	PT	1750	Chrysophyllum sp2
nPT_Piara_393	SpeciesName	Anacardiaceae	Tapirira	obtusa	PT	1500	Tapirira obtusa
TRU-07	SpeciesName	Cyatheaceae	Cyathea	ruiziana	abergPP	2250	Cyathea ruiziana
TRU-08	SpeciesName	Araliaceae	Schefflera	inambarica	abergPP	2000	Schefflera inambarica
nPT_Jaukan_219	SpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Myrcia	magnifolia	PT	1521	Myrcia magnifolia
nPP_Collpa_48	SpeciesName	Loganiaceae	Desfontainea	spinosa	PP	3337	Desfontainea spinosa
nPP_Resina_13	SpeciesName	Arecaceae	Bactris	gasipaes	PP	1100	Bactris gasipaes
nPT_Bosque_486	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	ALM63	PT	1588	Ocotea ALM63
nPT_Sendae_371	MorphoSpeciesName	Annonaceae	Annona	ILR230	PT	1351	Annona ILR230
nPP_Fuerte_27	SpeciesName	Erythroxylaceae	Erythroxylum	pauciflorum	PP	1351	Erythroxylum pauciflorum
nPP_Kañupa_44	SpeciesName	Lamiaceae	Vitex	cymosa	PP	798	Vitex cymosa
SP-02	SpeciesName	Moraceae	Ficus	caballina	abergPT	1102	Ficus caballina
nPP_Fuerte_27	SpeciesName	Moraceae	Maclura	tinctoria	PP	1316	Maclura tinctoria
nPP_Terraz_41	MorphoSpeciesName	Aquifoliaceae	Ilex	AM3498	PP	3087	Ilex AM3498
nPT_Cocapu_402	SpeciesName	Celastraceae	Cheiloclinium	hippocrateoides	PT	224	Cheiloclinium hippocrateoides
nPP_Terraz_41	SpeciesName	Urticaceae	Phenax	laevigatus	PP	2762	Phenax laevigatus
nPT_Planor_102	MorphoSpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Pouteria	DDQ105	PT	360	Pouteria DDQ105
nPT_Cerros_182	SpeciesName	Boraginaceae	Cordia	bicolor	PT	338	Cordia bicolor
nPT_Lambra_435	SpeciesName	Asteraceae	Critoniopsis	choquetangensis	PT	2866	Critoniopsis choquetangensis
nPP_Resina_13	SpeciesName	Asteraceae	Oblivia	mikanioides	PP	1034	Oblivia mikanioides
nPP_Sanmar_21	SpeciesName	Apocynaceae	Odontadenia	puncticulosa	PP	1427	Odontadenia puncticulosa
nPT_Cocapu_402	SpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Myrcia	bracteata	PT	950	Myrcia bracteata
nPT_Ruinas_31	SpeciesName	Anacardiaceae	Astronium	fraxinifolium	PT	1072	Astronium fraxinifolium
nPP_Mamaco_3	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	weberbaueri	PP	2228	Ocotea weberbaueri
nPT_Sanroq_228	SpeciesName	Lecythidaceae	Cariniana	estrellensis	PT	1000	Cariniana estrellensis
nPT_Retama_44	SpeciesName	Primulaceae	Cybianthus	venezuelanus	PT	1400	Cybianthus venezuelanus
CA-10	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	GAT1582	abergPT	1489	Miconia GAT1582
SPD-02	MorphoSpeciesName	Piperaceae	Piper	GAT1691	abergPP	1493	Piper GAT1691
nPT_Arriba_242	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Fridericia	egensis	PT	1299	Fridericia egensis
nPP_Sumpul_33	MorphoSpeciesName	Connaraceae	Rourea	AAD446	PP	1334	Rourea AAD446
nPT_Tanhua_341	SpeciesName	Vochysiaceae	Qualea	paraensis	PT	850	Qualea paraensis
nPT_Chiriu_76	SpeciesName	Hypericaceae	Vismia	mandurr	PT	2000	Vismia mandurr
nPT_Arriba_224	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Nectandra	sp24	PT	425	Nectandra sp24
nPT_Limonu_176	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Endlicheria	sp4	PT	425	Endlicheria sp4
SPD-01	MorphoSpeciesName	Asteraceae	Pentacalia	sp1	abergPP	3522	Pentacalia sp1
nPT_Rincon_257	MorphoSpeciesName	Cunoniaceae	Weinmannia	sp1	PT	2286	Weinmannia sp1
ESP-01	MorphoSpeciesName	Gentianaceae	Symbolanthus	sp1	abergPP	2286	Symbolanthus sp1
nPP_Chirim_19	MorphoSpeciesName	Malpighiaceae	Byrsonima	sp3	PP	1750	Byrsonima sp3
nPT_Palmit_144	SpeciesName	Ericaceae	Siphonandra	elliptica	PT	3389	Siphonandra elliptica
nPT_Pino_262	SpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Matayba	boliviana	PT	1150	Matayba boliviana
nPP_Tocoaq_28	MorphoSpeciesName	Nyctaginaceae	Neea	AF11752	PP	400	Neea AF11752
nPT_Alsura_229	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Nectandra	MCM1411	PT	1522	Nectandra MCM1411
ACJ-01	SpeciesName	Clusiaceae	Tovomita	micrantha	abergPP	1242	Tovomita micrantha
TRU-05	SpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Tetrorchidium	rubrivenium	abergPP	362	Tetrorchidium rubrivenium
nPT_Laguna_38	MorphoSpeciesName	Urticaceae	Coussapoa	ALM170	PT	1408	Coussapoa ALM170
nPP_Tocoaq_28	MorphoSpeciesName	Araliaceae	Sciodaphyllum	AF9709	PP	1654	Sciodaphyllum AF9709
nPP_Lomaka_40	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Mezilaurus	itauba	PP	320	Mezilaurus itauba
nPT_Buenah_207	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	GAT1562	PT	1469	Ocotea GAT1562
nPT_Sanmig_181	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Psychotria	hoffmannseggiana	PT	1598	Psychotria hoffmannseggiana
nPT_Piara_388	SpeciesName	Annonaceae	Guatteria	schomburgkiana	PT	215	Guatteria schomburgkiana
nPT_Tintay_250	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	grandifoliata	PT	380	Miconia grandifoliata
nPT_Quebra_115	SpeciesName	Piperaceae	Piper	reticulatum	PT	340	Piper reticulatum
nPT_Santar_419	SpeciesName	Celastraceae	Maytenus	meguillensis	PT	360	Maytenus meguillensis
nPT_Lambra_437	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Nissolia	fruticosa	PT	938	Nissolia fruticosa
nPT_Sumpul_298	MorphoSpeciesName	Piperaceae	Piper	GAT2447	PT	2955	Piper GAT2447
nPT_Tumupa_17	SpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Myrcianthes	rhopaloides	PT	2987	Myrcianthes rhopaloides
nPT_Rincon_362	SpeciesName	Asteraceae	Llerasia	macrocephala	PT	2975	Llerasia macrocephala
nPT_Siripi_431	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Aniba	coto	PT	1910	Aniba coto
nPT_Tamboq_135	SpeciesName	Chrysobalanaceae	Licania	hypoleuca	PT	950	Licania hypoleuca
nPT_Tapuri_407	MorphoSpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Myrcia	AF17258	PT	1616	Myrcia AF17258
nPT_Yariap_2	MorphoSpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Talisia	LC1957	PT	963	Talisia LC1957
nPT_Rioubi_221	SpeciesName	Cyatheaceae	Alsophila	mostellaria	PT	1737	Alsophila mostellaria
nPP_Heathi_7	SpeciesName	Araliaceae	Sciodaphyllum	tipuanicum	PP	1737	Sciodaphyllum tipuanicum
nPT_Cabece_420	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	ILR1866	PT	2188	Miconia ILR1866
nPT_Meseta_46	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	MJM5890	PT	550	Ocotea MJM5890
nPT_Carjat_272	SpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Eugenia	subterminalis	PT	1300	Eugenia subterminalis
nPT_Bosque_485	MorphoSpeciesName	Araliaceae	Oreopanax	sp1	PT	3537	Oreopanax sp1
nPT_Tapuri_410	MorphoSpeciesName	Primulaceae	Myrsine	sp12	PT	3625	Myrsine sp12
nPT_Chapar_106	SpeciesName	Asteraceae	Baccharis	salicifolia	PT	2890	Baccharis salicifolia
nPT_Alsura_229	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	modica	PT	595	Miconia modica
nPT_Rioubi_221	MorphoSpeciesName	Chrysobalanaceae	Licania	sp3	PT	850	Licania sp3
nPT_Bosque_482	SpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Pouteria	juruana	PT	850	Pouteria juruana
nPT_Arriba_242	SpeciesName	Annonaceae	Guatteria	cuscoensis	PT	1750	Guatteria cuscoensis
nPP_Fuerte_26	SpeciesName	Sabiaceae	Meliosma	pumila	PP	2500	Meliosma pumila
nPT_Santat_120	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Inga	sp36	PT	425	Inga sp36
nPT_Naranj_111	SpeciesName	Nyctaginaceae	Neea	oppositifolia	PT	800	Neea oppositifolia
nPP_Tocoaq_30	MorphoSpeciesName	Clusiaceae	Clusia	sp3	PP	3389	Clusia sp3
nPT_Buenah_208	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Clidemia	sp60	PT	2862	Clidemia sp60
nPT_Aguapo_55	MorphoSpeciesName	Siparunaceae	Siparuna	sp1	PT	2449	Siparuna sp1
nPT_Patasa_324	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	LC4360A	PT	1247	Miconia LC4360A
nPP_Chaqui_32	SpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Pouteria	ramiflora	PP	175	Pouteria ramiflora
CAL-01	SpeciesName	Nyctaginaceae	Pisonia	zapallo	abergPP	662	Pisonia zapallo
nPT_Tumupa_23	SpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Calyptranthes	concinna	PT	1993	Calyptranthes concinna
nPT_Buenah_209	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Machaerium	floribundum	PT	1468	Machaerium floribundum
TRU-01	SpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Myrcia	magnoliifolia	abergPP	362	Myrcia magnoliifolia
nPT_Tumupa_22	SpeciesName	Campanulaceae	Centropogon	incanus	PT	3579	Centropogon incanus
nPT_Venado_222	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Calliandra	trinervia	PT	360	Calliandra trinervia
nPP_Tintay_24	MorphoSpeciesName	Thymelaeaceae	Daphnopsis	MVH177	PP	2204	Daphnopsis MVH177
nPT_Planop_87	SpeciesName	Apocynaceae	Marsdenia	altissima	PT	1090	Marsdenia altissima
TU-07	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Bignonia	aequinoctialis	abergPT	735	Bignonia aequinoctialis
nPT_Colome_63	SpeciesName	Moraceae	Maquira	guianensis	PT	905	Maquira guianensis
CA-04	SpeciesName	Ebenaceae	Lissocarpa	tetramera	abergPT	1616	Lissocarpa tetramera
nPT_Corana_311	SpeciesName	Vochysiaceae	Vochysia	citrifolia	PT	455	Vochysia citrifolia
nPT_Cocapu_399	MorphoSpeciesName	Menispermaceae	Abuta	AF17171	PT	1498	Abuta AF17171
nPT_Cerro1_83	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Stryphnodendron	guianense	PT	820	Stryphnodendron guianense
nPP_Charop_47	MorphoSpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Pouteria	MJM5197	PP	950	Pouteria MJM5197
nPT_Ajusuc_168	MorphoSpeciesName	Meliaceae	Ruagea	AF14267B	PT	1347	Ruagea AF14267B
TU-03	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Cuspidaria	lateriflora	abergPT	1300	Cuspidaria lateriflora
nPT_Tequej_29	SpeciesName	Salicaceae	Casearia	megacarpa	PT	1250	Casearia megacarpa
nPT_Planop_87	SpeciesName	Cannabaceae	Trema	micrantha	PT	1250	Trema micrantha
nPT_Tumupa_15	SpeciesName	Linaceae	Hebepetalum	humiriifolium	PT	595	Hebepetalum humiriifolium
nPT_Bosque_146	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	javitensis	PT	425	Ocotea javitensis
nPT_Piara_388	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	sp9	PT	1250	Miconia sp9
nPT_Chapar_106	MorphoSpeciesName	Sabiaceae	Meliosma	sp15	PT	2110	Meliosma sp15
nPT_Yariap_1	SpeciesName	Monimiaceae	Mollinedia	pulcherrima	PT	1478	Mollinedia pulcherrima
nPT_Quebra_115	SpeciesName	Urticaceae	Myriocarpa	longipes	PT	835	Myriocarpa longipes
TRU-01	SpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Talisia	hexaphylla	abergPP	835	Talisia hexaphylla
AP-01	SpeciesName	Malpighiaceae	Heteropterys	eglandulosa	abergPT	1150	Heteropterys eglandulosa
nPT_Wayrap_163	SpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Pachystroma	longifolium	PT	795	Pachystroma longifolium
nPT_Ruinas_34	SpeciesName	Malpighiaceae	Mascagnia	divaricata	PT	1100	Mascagnia divaricata
nPP_Terraz_41	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Andira	inermis	PP	362	Andira inermis
nPT_Lambra_435	SpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Omphalea	diandra	PT	362	Omphalea diandra
nPT_Incien_264	MorphoSpeciesName	Burseraceae	Protium	AEC227	PT	940	Protium AEC227
nPT_Piara_393	SpeciesName	Urticaceae	Coussapoa	cinnamomifolia	PT	1654	Coussapoa cinnamomifolia
nPT_Pampat_385	SpeciesName	Nyctaginaceae	Colignonia	glomerata	PT	2663	Colignonia glomerata
nPT_Panteo_202	SpeciesName	Humiriaceae	Vantanea	compacta	PT	1766	Vantanea compacta
nPP_Lomaka_40	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Parkia	nitida	PP	1046	Parkia nitida
CA-08	SpeciesName	Gentianaceae	Macrocarpaea	cochabambensis	abergPT	2985	Macrocarpaea cochabambensis
nPP_Fuerte_26	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Meriania	tomentosa	PP	2698	Meriania tomentosa
nPP_Tocoaq_30	SpeciesName	Vitaceae	Cissus	pseudoverticillata	PP	215	Cissus pseudoverticillata
nPT_Sendae_371	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	lourteigiana	PT	232	Miconia lourteigiana
nPT_Infier_473	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Platymiscium	pubescens	PT	938	Platymiscium pubescens
nPT_Tapuri_406	SpeciesName	Onagraceae	Fuchsia	denticulata	PT	3061	Fuchsia denticulata
nPT_Mutune_237	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	CMG3231	PT	3490	Miconia CMG3231
nPT_Incien_264	MorphoSpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Calyptranthes	MJM5284	PT	1070	Calyptranthes MJM5284
nPT_Alilia_41	MorphoSpeciesName	Menispermaceae	Abuta	GAT2118	PT	1386	Abuta GAT2118
ESP-01	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Machaerium	leiophyllum	abergPP	1300	Machaerium leiophyllum
nPT_Quebra_115	SpeciesName	Asteraceae	Eirmocephala	megaphylla	PT	610	Eirmocephala megaphylla
nPT_Resina_194	SpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Paullinia	boliviana	PT	480	Paullinia boliviana
nPT_Curich_58	MorphoSpeciesName	Urticaceae	Cecropia	sp4	PT	1250	Cecropia sp4
nPT_Marimo_37	SpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Talisia	obovata	PT	850	Talisia obovata
nPT_Sumpul_300	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Elaeagia	sp1	PT	1750	Elaeagia sp1
SP-03	MorphoSpeciesName	Solanaceae	Cestrum	sp3	abergPT	1500	Cestrum sp3
nPT_Piara_390	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	brachyanthera	PT	2500	Miconia brachyanthera
nPT_Nidoab_223	SpeciesName	Aquifoliaceae	Ilex	biserrulata	PT	3376	Ilex biserrulata
PAN-01	MorphoSpeciesName	Asteraceae	Baccharis	sp2	abergPP	1983	Baccharis sp2
nPT_Mara_131	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Persea	sp1	PT	2862	Persea sp1
QU-01	SpeciesName	Arecaceae	Dyctiocarium	lamarckianum	abergPT	1970	Dyctiocarium lamarckianum
AC-01	SpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Gymnanthes	discolor	abergPT	935	Gymnanthes discolor
nPT_Eslabo_156	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	LC6779	PT	1804	Ocotea LC6779
nPT_Planopi_123	SpeciesName	Verbenaceae	Duranta	sprucei	PT	2889	Duranta sprucei
nPP_Chaqui_31	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Persea	sphaerocarpa	PP	1468	Persea sphaerocarpa
nPT_Sumpul_306	SpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Pouteria	tarapotensis	PT	400	Pouteria tarapotensis
nPT_Arriba_184	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Fridericia	spicata	PT	724	Fridericia spicata
nPP_Chaqui_31	SpeciesName	Erythroxylaceae	Erythroxylum	squamatum	PP	1580	Erythroxylum squamatum
nPP_Sanmar_21	SpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Eugenia	speciosa	PP	1392	Eugenia speciosa
CA-05	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Cybistax	antisyphilitica	abergPT	975	Cybistax antisyphilitica
nPT_Cocapu_400	SpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Eugenia	hyemalis	PT	1170	Eugenia hyemalis
nPT_Piedel_71	SpeciesName	Pentaphylacaceae	Ternstroemia	asymmetrica	PT	1750	Ternstroemia asymmetrica
TRU-08	SpeciesName	Arecaceae	Geonoma	macrostachys	abergPP	349	Geonoma macrostachys
nPT_Tequej_27	MorphoSpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Myrciaria	AM2829	PT	1102	Myrciaria AM2829
SPD-01	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Rudgea	MJM5730	abergPP	435	Rudgea MJM5730
nPT_Sumpul_298	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	ampla	PT	320	Miconia ampla
nPT_Arriba_243	MorphoSpeciesName	Aquifoliaceae	Ilex	GAT3121	PT	2303	Ilex GAT3121
nPT_Tamboq_136	SpeciesName	Caprifoliaceae	Valeriana	clematitis	PT	2203	Valeriana clematitis
nPT_Tanhua_342	SpeciesName	Phyllonomaceae	Phyllonoma	ruscifolia	PT	1780	Phyllonoma ruscifolia
CA-08	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Randia	TMG773	abergPT	1780	Randia TMG773
nPT_Culi_355	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Palicourea	thyrsiflora	PT	1532	Palicourea thyrsiflora
SAI-01	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Psychotria	CMG2780	abergPP	1532	Psychotria CMG2780
nPP_Tapuri_45	SpeciesName	Asteraceae	Baccharis	pentlandii	PP	2955	Baccharis pentlandii
nPT_Chiriu_76	SpeciesName	Combretaceae	Terminalia	argentea	PT	1164	Terminalia argentea
nPT_Buenah_210	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Alibertia	NPZ5057	PT	384	Alibertia NPZ5057
nPT_Buenah_207	SpeciesName	Peraceae	Pera	glabrata	PT	354	Pera glabrata
nPT_Encuen_47	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Persea	NPZ5789	PT	3189	Persea NPZ5789
nPT_Venado_222	SpeciesName	Celastraceae	Anthodon	decussatus	PT	337	Anthodon decussatus
nPT_Tumupa_23	SpeciesName	Ericaceae	Orthaea	ignea	PT	2455	Orthaea ignea
nPT_Kellut_180	SpeciesName	Ericaceae	Gaultheria	eriophylla	PT	2281	Gaultheria eriophylla
nPT_Naranj_111	SpeciesName	Podocarpaceae	Podocarpus	magnifolius	PT	1616	Podocarpus magnifolius
nPP_Tocoaq_30	SpeciesName	Combretaceae	Terminalia	tetraphylla	PP	963	Terminalia tetraphylla
nPP_Lomaka_40	MorphoSpeciesName	Aquifoliaceae	Ilex	JQQ1062	PP	1527	Ilex JQQ1062
PAN-02	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Coussarea	MCM1144	abergPP	2237	Coussarea MCM1144
nPP_Tocoaq_29	SpeciesName	Styracaceae	Styrax	subargenteus	PP	1790	Styrax subargenteus
nPP_Yarimi_11	SpeciesName	Loganiaceae	Strychnos	toxifera	PP	930	Strychnos toxifera
nPP_Huanec_20	MorphoSpeciesName	Malpighiaceae	Hiraea	SPS20	PP	840	Hiraea SPS20
nPT_Kellut_180	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Nectandra	ILR1006	PT	1531	Nectandra ILR1006
nPP_Lomaka_40	MorphoSpeciesName	Asteraceae	Mikania	GAT1469	PP	1489	Mikania GAT1469
nPT_Lambra_435	MorphoSpeciesName	Rosaceae	Prunus	ETP160	PT	1386	Prunus ETP160
nPT_Culi_353	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Endlicheria	AAD587	PT	1300	Endlicheria AAD587
CAL-02	SpeciesName	Moraceae	Ficus	eximia	abergPP	530	Ficus eximia
nPT_Patasa_325	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Nectandra	lineata	PT	1500	Nectandra lineata
SAI-02	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Nectandra	sp22	abergPP	1500	Nectandra sp22
nPT_Ladera_132	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	tetragona	PT	850	Miconia tetragona
nPT_Santaa_344	MorphoSpeciesName	Salicaceae	Laetia	sp	PT	850	Laetia sp
nPT_Tamboq_142	SpeciesName	Marcgraviaceae	Norantea	guianensis	PT	850	Norantea guianensis
nPT_Tintay_250	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	crassipes	PT	1750	Miconia crassipes
nPT_Palmar_108	MorphoSpeciesName	Cyatheaceae	Cyathea	sp15	PT	1750	Cyathea sp15
nPP_Pintat_5	MorphoSpeciesName	Elaeocarpaceae	Sloanea	sp	PP	1750	Sloanea sp
nPT_Cabece_255	SpeciesName	Malvaceae	Spirotheca	rosea	PT	1500	Spirotheca rosea
nPP_Chaqui_32	SpeciesName	Brunelliaceae	Brunellia	stenoptera	PP	1500	Brunellia stenoptera
nPT_Santaa_352	SpeciesName	Vochysiaceae	Vochysia	leguiana	PT	1000	Vochysia leguiana
nPT_Detras_69	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Persea	caerulea	PT	1000	Persea caerulea
nPT_Arroyo_225	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Persea	corymbosa	PT	3000	Persea corymbosa
nPT_Cuchil_100	MorphoSpeciesName	Annonaceae	Guatteria	sp2	PT	2000	Guatteria sp2
nPP_Pintat_5	SpeciesName	Urticaceae	Cecropia	sciadophylla	PP	425	Cecropia sciadophylla
nPT_Lambra_436	SpeciesName	Nyctaginaceae	Neea	spruceana	PT	800	Neea spruceana
nPT_Bosque_486	MorphoSpeciesName	Asteraceae	Pentacalia	sp3	PT	3376	Pentacalia sp3
nPT_Santaa_350	MorphoSpeciesName	Asteraceae	Gynoxys	sp4	PT	3402	Gynoxys sp4
SPD-01	SpeciesName	Clusiaceae	Clusia	cretosa	abergPP	3407	Clusia cretosa
nPT_Cimaar_230	MorphoSpeciesName	Asteraceae	Diplostephium	sp1	PT	3389	Diplostephium sp1
nPT_Santaa_348	MorphoSpeciesName	Loranthaceae	Psittacanthus	sp1	PT	2862	Psittacanthus sp1
nPT_Bosque_116	SpeciesName	Araliaceae	Dendropanax	williamsii	PT	1242	Dendropanax williamsii
nPT_Pino_262	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	AM3556	PT	2200	Ocotea AM3556
nPT_Palcas_428	SpeciesName	Menispermaceae	Chondrodendron	tomentosum	PT	320	Chondrodendron tomentosum
nPT_Bosque_113	MorphoSpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Thinouia	BNA796	PT	225	Thinouia BNA796
ACJ-01	MorphoSpeciesName	Cucurbitaceae	Gurania	TMG75	abergPP	320	Gurania TMG75
SAI-02	SpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Pouteria	bangii	abergPP	320	Pouteria bangii
nPT_Chakaw_363	MorphoSpeciesName	Pentaphylacaceae	Ternstroemia	GAT2772	PT	3075	Ternstroemia GAT2772
nPP_Buenah_15	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Agouticarpa	isernii	PP	238	Agouticarpa isernii
nPT_Buenah_213	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Machaerium	oblongifolium	PT	232	Machaerium oblongifolium
nPT_Planop_82	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Meriania	axinioides	PT	2179	Meriania axinioides
QU-02	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Psychotria	GAT3085	abergPT	2045	Psychotria GAT3085
nPP_Resina_14	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Psychotria	GAT3194	PP	2203	Psychotria GAT3194
nPT_Aguapo_51	MorphoSpeciesName	Verbenaceae	Duranta	GAT3206	PT	2203	Duranta GAT3206
nPT_Entrep_245	SpeciesName	Caricaceae	Vasconcellea	microcarpa	PT	1248	Vasconcellea microcarpa
nPP_Sumpul_34	MorphoSpeciesName	Aquifoliaceae	Ilex	GAT1615A	PP	1489	Ilex GAT1615A
nPT_Tamboq_138	SpeciesName	Urticaceae	Cecropia	polystachya	PT	660	Cecropia polystachya
nPT_Sumpul_305	MorphoSpeciesName	Araliaceae	Sciodaphyllum	AF19263	PT	2494	Sciodaphyllum AF19263
nPT_Santat_120	SpeciesName	Combretaceae	Combretum	assimile	PT	515	Combretum assimile
nPT_Cimaar_230	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	amazonica	PT	550	Ocotea amazonica
nPP_Tintay_24	SpeciesName	Combretaceae	Buchenavia	oxycarpa	PP	820	Buchenavia oxycarpa
nPT_Corana_312	MorphoSpeciesName	Thymelaeaceae	Daphnopsis	MJM6006	PT	820	Daphnopsis MJM6006
nPT_Culi_354	SpeciesName	Phyllanthaceae	Margaritaria	nobilis	PT	500	Margaritaria nobilis
nPP_Waturu_43	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	cuprea	PP	850	Ocotea cuprea
ACJ-01	SpeciesName	Ulmaceae	Ampelocera	longissima	abergPP	1500	Ampelocera longissima
nPT_Cocapu_401	SpeciesName	Brunelliaceae	Brunellia	littlei	PT	2000	Brunellia littlei
nPT_Buenah_213	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	sp12	PT	2000	Miconia sp12
nPT_Nucala_203	MorphoSpeciesName	Meliaceae	Trichilia	sp1	PT	425	Trichilia sp1
nPP_Titiri_42	MorphoSpeciesName	Urticaceae	Pourouma	sp9	PP	425	Pourouma sp9
nPT_Incien_264	SpeciesName	Meliaceae	Trichilia	quadrijuga	PT	425	Trichilia quadrijuga
nPP_Resina_14	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Tachigali	sp1	PP	800	Tachigali sp1
nPT_Ovituy_199	SpeciesName	Lacistemataceae	Lozania	mutisiana	PT	2024	Lozania mutisiana
nPT_Arriba_240	SpeciesName	Theaceae	Ternstroenia	globiflora	PT	1601	Ternstroenia globiflora
nPT_Tequej_29	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Nectandra	pearcei	PT	1150	Nectandra pearcei
nPP_Yarimi_10	SpeciesName	Nyctaginaceae	Pisonia	aculeata	PP	280	Pisonia aculeata
nPT_Piara_395	SpeciesName	Podocarpaceae	Podocarpus	celatus	PT	1054	Podocarpus celatus
nPT_Piara_388	SpeciesName	Malpighiaceae	Alicia	macrodisca	PT	1005	Alicia macrodisca
nPP_Tocoaq_29	SpeciesName	Asteraceae	Baccharis	buchtienii	PP	2889	Baccharis buchtienii
nPT_Cocapu_399	SpeciesName	Celastraceae	Prionostemma	asperum	PT	420	Prionostemma asperum
nPP_Tocoaq_29	MorphoSpeciesName	Meliaceae	Trichilia	MJM6643	PP	260	Trichilia MJM6643
nPT_Victop_374	SpeciesName	Amaranthaceae	Chamissoa	altissima	PT	1392	Chamissoa altissima
nPT_Resina_191	SpeciesName	Malpighiaceae	Mascagnia	cordifolia	PT	225	Mascagnia cordifolia
nPT_Ppmtsu_81	SpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Myrciaria	tenella	PT	812	Myrciaria tenella
ACJ-01	SpeciesName	Symplocaceae	Symplocos	denticulata	abergPP	2985	Symplocos denticulata
TRU-04	MorphoSpeciesName	Araliaceae	Oreopanax	GAT2857	abergPP	2985	Oreopanax GAT2857
TU-01	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	stenophylla	abergPT	3087	Ocotea stenophylla
nPT_Ppmtsu_81	SpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Paullinia	clathrata	PT	1254	Paullinia clathrata
nPT_Detras_177	MorphoSpeciesName	Cyclanthaceae	Asplundia	AAD747	PT	1430	Asplundia AAD747
nPP_Tapuri_46	MorphoSpeciesName	Araliaceae	Oreopanax	GAT2973	PP	2179	Oreopanax GAT2973
nPT_Cocapu_401	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	acuminata	PT	380	Miconia acuminata
nPP_Mamaco_3	MorphoSpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Handroanthus	LC713	PP	323	Handroanthus LC713
nPT_Santaa_351	SpeciesName	Asteraceae	Pentacalia	epiphytica	PT	2866	Pentacalia epiphytica
nPP_Sumpul_34	SpeciesName	Celastraceae	Maytenus	jelskii	PP	2789	Maytenus jelskii
nPT_Cocapu_403	SpeciesName	Nyctaginaceae	Neea	virens	PT	290	Neea virens
nPT_Cocapu_404	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Persea	buchtienii	PT	1164	Persea buchtienii
nPT_Incien_264	SpeciesName	Solanaceae	Solanum	ternatum	PT	1715	Solanum ternatum
nPP_Resina_14	SpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Talisia	cerasina	PP	1045	Talisia cerasina
CA-09	SpeciesName	Piperaceae	Piper	cataractarum	abergPT	2196	Piper cataractarum
TRU-07	SpeciesName	Celastraceae	Tontelea	attenuata	abergPP	280	Tontelea attenuata
nPP_Lechem_50	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Inga	striolata	PP	1070	Inga striolata
nPP_Tanhua_37	SpeciesName	Clusiaceae	Tovomita	brasiliensis	PP	1371	Tovomita brasiliensis
nPP_Fuerte_27	SpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Pouteria	guianensis	PP	1300	Pouteria guianensis
CA-10	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Senegalia	rurrenabaqueana	abergPT	530	Senegalia rurrenabaqueana
nPP_Yarimi_11	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Bathysa	sp2	PP	1500	Bathysa sp2
nPT_Santaa_351	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Inga	killipiana	PT	1250	Inga killipiana
nPT_Arroyo_57	SpeciesName	Adoxaceae	Viburnum	reticulatum	PT	2890	Viburnum reticulatum
nPT_Yariap_8	SpeciesName	Sabiaceae	Meliosma	boliviensis	PT	1750	Meliosma boliviensis
SPD-01	MorphoSpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Plinia	sp1	abergPP	1500	Plinia sp1
nPT_Tumupa_19	SpeciesName	Arecaceae	Bactris	setulosa	PT	1500	Bactris setulosa
nPT_Incien_264	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Tachigali	sp3	PT	1000	Tachigali sp3
nPT_Tanhua_342	SpeciesName	Aquifoliaceae	Ilex	trichoclada	PT	3450	Ilex trichoclada
nPT_Orilla_68	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Persea	sp3	PT	2250	Persea sp3
nPP_Mamaco_3	SpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Hevea	brasiliensis	PP	425	Hevea brasiliensis
nPT_Curich_58	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Mouriri	sp1	PT	1250	Mouriri sp1
nPT_Carjat_272	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Bellucia	sp1	PT	2110	Bellucia sp1
nPT_Wayrap_166	MorphoSpeciesName	Aquifoliaceae	Ilex	sp12	PT	3337	Ilex sp12
nPT_Wayrap_165	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Brachyotum	naudini	PT	3389	Brachyotum naudini
nPT_Ruinas_75	MorphoSpeciesName	Asteraceae	Gynoxys	sp6	PT	3389	Gynoxys sp6
nPT_Wayrap_163	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	caesifolia	PT	2697	Ocotea caesifolia
nPT_Bosque_486	SpeciesName	Oleaceae	Chionanthus	pubescens	PT	1650	Chionanthus pubescens
nPT_Victop_377	SpeciesName	Malvaceae	Sterculia	apeibophylla	PT	300	Sterculia apeibophylla
nPT_Cocapu_402	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Alibertia	RS8845	PT	300	Alibertia RS8845
nPT_Rincon_257	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	GAT3261	PT	2210	Miconia GAT3261
nPT_Santar_418	SpeciesName	Hydrangeaceae	Hydrangea	peruviana	PT	1532	Hydrangea peruviana
nPT_Tapuri_406	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	CMG2453	PT	1715	Miconia CMG2453
nPP_Chaqui_32	SpeciesName	Cucurbitaceae	Pseudosicydium	acaranthum	PP	860	Pseudosicydium acaranthum
nPT_Tumupa_16	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Faramea	occidentalis	PT	1075	Faramea occidentalis
nPT_Victop_374	SpeciesName	Cardiopteridaceae	Citronella	melliodora	PT	1096	Citronella melliodora
nPT_Yariap_7	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	MCM1089	PT	2494	Miconia MCM1089
nPT_Orilla_130	SpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Paullinia	bilobulata	PT	550	Paullinia bilobulata
nPT_Cerro1_83	SpeciesName	Malpighiaceae	Bronwenia	wurdackii	PT	455	Bronwenia wurdackii
nPT_Eslabo_157	SpeciesName	Boraginaceae	Tournefortia	bicolor	PT	1790	Tournefortia bicolor
nPT_Chaqui_192	SpeciesName	Urticaceae	Pourouma	cucura	PT	950	Pourouma cucura
CA-02	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Ladenbergia	GAT1816	abergPT	1224	Ladenbergia GAT1816
nPT_Tintay_250	MorphoSpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Matayba	AAD22	PT	1300	Matayba AAD22
nPP_Tapuri_45	MorphoSpeciesName	Cyatheaceae	Cyathea	sp	PP	2890	Cyathea sp
nPT_Santar_417	SpeciesName	Vochysiaceae	Vochysia	majuscula	PT	595	Vochysia majuscula
nPT_Palmit_93	SpeciesName	Phyllanthaceae	Phyllanthus	attenuatus	PT	1500	Phyllanthus attenuatus
nPT_Buenah_210	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Ormosia	sp2	PT	425	Ormosia sp2
nPT_Campam_104	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Elaeagia	utilis	PT	800	Elaeagia utilis
nPT_Buenah_211	SpeciesName	Symplocaceae	Symplocos	fuliginosa	PT	1521	Symplocos fuliginosa
nPT_Sumpul_307	SpeciesName	Elaeocarpaceae	Sloanea	obtusifolia	PT	175	Sloanea obtusifolia
nPT_Resina_187	SpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Calyptranthes	longifolia	PT	1400	Calyptranthes longifolia
nPT_Tequej_24	SpeciesName	Asteraceae	Mikania	banisteriae	PT	940	Mikania banisteriae
nPT_Palmit_93	SpeciesName	Marcgraviaceae	Souroubea	corallina	PT	940	Souroubea corallina
nPP_Tintay_25	SpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Allophylus	punctatus	PP	1351	Allophylus punctatus
CA-05	SpeciesName	Araliaceae	Didymopanax	morototoni	abergPT	1766	Didymopanax morototoni
nPT_Cochay_205	SpeciesName	Elaeocarpaceae	Sloanea	picapica	PT	349	Sloanea picapica
nPT_Culi_361	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Inga	nobilis	PT	327	Inga nobilis
nPT_Orilla_129	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Bignonia	campanulata	PT	400	Bignonia campanulata
nPP_Tapuri_46	MorphoSpeciesName	Asteraceae	Gynoxys	GAT2600	PP	2987	Gynoxys GAT2600
nPP_Tapuri_46	SpeciesName	Siparunaceae	Siparuna	grandiflora	PP	2291	Siparuna grandiflora
nPP_Mamaco_3	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Meriania	brittoniana	PP	1531	Meriania brittoniana
nPP_Santaa_36	MorphoSpeciesName	Connaraceae	Connarus	AAD73	PP	1470	Connarus AAD73
nPT_Delarr_253	SpeciesName	Passifloraceae	Passiflora	venosa	PT	580	Passiflora venosa
nPT_Pichan_234	MorphoSpeciesName	Marcgraviaceae	Marcgravia	AF11549	PT	2015	Marcgravia AF11549
nPT_Buenah_209	SpeciesName	Simaroubaceae	Simaba	guianensis	PT	850	Simaba guianensis
nPP_Chaqui_31	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Endlicheria	macrophylla	PP	1500	Endlicheria macrophylla
nPT_Santaa_348	SpeciesName	Urticaceae	Cecropia	cecropiifolia	PT	1000	Cecropia cecropiifolia
nPP_Lechem_50	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	sp8	PP	3250	Ocotea sp8
nPT_Bosque_487	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Inga	sp34	PT	425	Inga sp34
CA-04	MorphoSpeciesName	Asteraceae	Pentacalia	sp5	abergPT	3402	Pentacalia sp5
nPT_Resina_196	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	sp9	PT	2096	Ocotea sp9
nPP_Mamaco_3	SpeciesName	Piperaceae	Piper	coruscans	PP	1970	Piper coruscans
nPT_Tintay_252	SpeciesName	Phyllanthaceae	Amanoa	oblongifolia	PT	1054	Amanoa oblongifolia
nPT_Buenah_215	SpeciesName	Malvaceae	Heliocarpus	popayanensis	PT	1250	Heliocarpus popayanensis
nPT_Corana_312	SpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Croton	rimbachii	PT	1804	Croton rimbachii
nPT_Sanmig_181	MorphoSpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Myrcia	LC514	PT	424	Myrcia LC514
nPP_Tanhua_38	SpeciesName	Apocynaceae	Aspidosperma	melanocalyx	PP	215	Aspidosperma melanocalyx
CA-04	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Chomelia	apodantha	abergPT	384	Chomelia apodantha
nPT_Yariap_2	SpeciesName	Meliaceae	Trichilia	tomentosa	PT	1955	Trichilia tomentosa
nPT_Ladera_88	MorphoSpeciesName	Sabiaceae	Meliosma	NPZ5797	PT	3407	Meliosma NPZ5797
nPP_Tanhua_37	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	CMG2534	PP	1609	Ocotea CMG2534
nPT_Santaa_348	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Bowdichia	virgilioides	PT	1115	Bowdichia virgilioides
nPP_Tanhua_38	SpeciesName	Urticaceae	Cecropia	strigosa	PP	500	Cecropia strigosa
nPP_Mamaco_3	SpeciesName	Malpighiaceae	Bunchosia	argentea	PP	1250	Bunchosia argentea
nPP_Charop_47	MorphoSpeciesName	Cyatheaceae	Cyathea	sp24	PP	850	Cyathea sp24
nPT_Victop_375	SpeciesName	Simaroubaceae	Simaba	orinocensis	PT	850	Simaba orinocensis
nPT_Piara_388	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	farfanii	PT	3450	Miconia farfanii
nPP_Charop_47	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Tibouchina	dimorphophylla	PP	3250	Tibouchina dimorphophylla
nPT_Cimaas_125	SpeciesName	Moraceae	Ficus	tonduzii	PT	1521	Ficus tonduzii
nPT_Palcas_428	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	sp71	PT	3376	Miconia sp71
nPT_Tamboq_135	SpeciesName	Cyatheaceae	Cyathea	erinacea	PT	2449	Cyathea erinacea
nPP_Terraz_41	SpeciesName	Araliaceae	Schefflera	cuscoensis	PP	2449	Schefflera cuscoensis
nPP_Fuerte_27	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Rhodostemonodaphne	longiflora	PP	1900	Rhodostemonodaphne longiflora
nPT_Cuchil_100	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Ormosia	RSS62	PT	1993	Ormosia RSS62
nPT_Victop_379	SpeciesName	Malvaceae	Luehea	candicans	PT	420	Luehea candicans
nPT_Cabece_420	SpeciesName	Pentaphylacaceae	Freziera	erickitae	PT	2888	Freziera erickitae
nPT_Cocapu_404	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Tococa	ulei	PT	232	Tococa ulei
nPT_Sumpul_308	MorphoSpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Cleidion	LC1750	PT	679	Cleidion LC1750
nPP_Chaqui_31	MorphoSpeciesName	Proteaceae	Euplassa	AF9600	PP	1750	Euplassa AF9600
nPP_Tintay_24	SpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Eugenia	moraviana	PP	1248	Eugenia moraviana
nPT_Frente_247	SpeciesName	Ericaceae	Vaccinium	dependens	PT	2486	Vaccinium dependens
nPT_Victop_375	SpeciesName	Asteraceae	Barnadesia	polyacantha	PT	3061	Barnadesia polyacantha
nPT_Zanjon_261	SpeciesName	Chrysobalanaceae	Hirtella	eriandra	PT	820	Hirtella eriandra
SPD-02	SpeciesName	Annonaceae	Cymbopetalum	longipes	abergPP	840	Cymbopetalum longipes
nPT_Bromel_122	SpeciesName	Moraceae	Ficus	cervantesiana	PT	1250	Ficus cervantesiana
nPP_Tintay_24	MorphoSpeciesName	Cyatheaceae	Cyathea	sp19	PP	1000	Cyathea sp19
nPP_Hondo_1	MorphoSpeciesName	Annonaceae	Rollinia	sp1	PP	2250	Rollinia sp1
nPT_Infier_472	SpeciesName	Myristicaceae	Iryanthera	laevis	PT	800	Iryanthera laevis
nPT_Culi_357	SpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Pouteria	franciscana	PT	800	Pouteria franciscana
nPT_Buenah_213	MorphoSpeciesName	Cyatheaceae	Alsophila	sp1	PT	1250	Alsophila sp1
nPT_Encuen_47	MorphoSpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Hieronyma	sp2	PT	2245	Hieronyma sp2
ACJ-01	SpeciesName	Burseraceae	Protium	lagiocarpium	abergPP	1750	Protium lagiocarpium
nPT_Culi_356	SpeciesName	Salicaceae	Casearia	decandra	PT	221	Casearia decandra
nPT_Bosque_146	SpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Myrcia	multiflora	PT	960	Myrcia multiflora
nPT_Podoca_386	SpeciesName	Malpighiaceae	Stigmaphyllon	florosum	PT	798	Stigmaphyllon florosum
nPT_Tumupa_23	SpeciesName	Moraceae	Ficus	insipida	PT	2019	Ficus insipida
TON-02	SpeciesName	Ochnaceae	Ouratea	trollii	abergPP	1780	Ouratea trollii
nPT_Resina_193	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Licaria	triandra	PT	338	Licaria triandra
nPT_Planoas_124	SpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Allophylus	cinnamomeus	PT	780	Allophylus cinnamomeus
nPT_Santaa_345	SpeciesName	Loganiaceae	Strychnos	guianensis	PT	950	Strychnos guianensis
nPT_Ruinas_33	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Persea	AF16999	PT	1427	Persea AF16999
nPT_Ruinas_34	MorphoSpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Handroanthus	CMG2429	PT	1578	Handroanthus CMG2429
nPT_Planoas_124	MorphoSpeciesName	Rosaceae	Prunus	AM3848	PT	3360	Prunus AM3848
TRU-05	SpeciesName	Ericaceae	Gaultheria	buxifolia	abergPP	3533	Gaultheria buxifolia
nPT_Tamboq_138	SpeciesName	Lythraceae	Physocalymma	scaberrimum	PT	455	Physocalymma scaberrimum
nPT_Buenah_210	SpeciesName	Chrysobalanaceae	Licania	caudata	PT	820	Licania caudata
nPT_Tamboq_137	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Zapoteca	amazonica	PT	595	Zapoteca amazonica
nPT_Fuerte_268	SpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Ecclinusa	lanceolata	PT	595	Ecclinusa lanceolata
nPT_Planop_87	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	sp10	PT	1500	Ocotea sp10
AC-02	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Nectandra	sp3	abergPT	1000	Nectandra sp3
nPT_Patasa_325	SpeciesName	Clusiaceae	Clusia	pavonii	PT	3450	Clusia pavonii
AC-03	SpeciesName	Pentaphylacaceae	Freziera	magnibracteolata	abergPT	3250	Freziera magnibracteolata
nPT_Curcur_79	SpeciesName	Meliaceae	Ruagea	subviridiflora	PT	2750	Ruagea subviridiflora
nPT_Resina_191	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Nectandra	sp2	PT	1800	Nectandra sp2
nPT_Solida_97	SpeciesName	Malvaceae	Huberodendron	swietenioides	PT	425	Huberodendron swietenioides
nPT_Infier_472	MorphoSpeciesName	Elaeocarpaceae	Sloanea	sp1	PT	800	Sloanea sp1
nPT_Juanul_233	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Persea	sp2	PT	1521	Persea sp2
SPD-01	SpeciesName	Lepidobotryaceae	Ruptiliocarpon	caracolito	abergPP	1250	Ruptiliocarpon caracolito
nPT_Culi_355	MorphoSpeciesName	Ericaceae	Gaultheria	sp2	PT	3521	Gaultheria sp2
APK-01	SpeciesName	Monimiaceae	Mollinedia	simulans	abergPP	1601	Mollinedia simulans
nPP_Javill_18	MorphoSpeciesName	Clusiaceae	Clusia	sp15	PP	2900	Clusia sp15
nPT_Sumpul_303	SpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Eugenia	involucrata	PT	1150	Eugenia involucrata
nPT_Marimo_37	SpeciesName	Salicaceae	Casearia	maynacarpa	PT	260	Casearia maynacarpa
nPT_Tintay_252	MorphoSpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Pouteria	ECQ75	PT	2663	Pouteria ECQ75
nPT_Aguapo_51	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Rudgea	RVH662	PT	1324	Rudgea RVH662
nPP_Tocoaq_28	SpeciesName	Salicaceae	Casearia	aculeata	PP	1102	Casearia aculeata
nPT_Naranj_111	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Blakea	rosea	PT	1341	Blakea rosea
nPT_Apache_364	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Guettarda	pohliana	PT	915	Guettarda pohliana
nPT_Piedel_71	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Aiouea	CMG2006	PT	350	Aiouea CMG2006
nPT_Buenah_211	SpeciesName	Solanaceae	Solanum	goodspeedii	PT	1955	Solanum goodspeedii
nPT_Retama_44	SpeciesName	Clusiaceae	Clusia	flavida	PT	1459	Clusia flavida
nPT_Yuyo_155	MorphoSpeciesName	Nyctaginaceae	Neea	LC2607	PT	1400	Neea LC2607
nPT_Ovituy_200	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Psychotria	RS8459	PT	810	Psychotria RS8459
nPT_Resina_198	SpeciesName	Lamiaceae	Aegiphila	herzogii	PT	1300	Aegiphila herzogii
RE-01	SpeciesName	Malvaceae	Byttneria	asterotricha	abergPT	530	Byttneria asterotricha
nPP_Heathi_7	SpeciesName	Solanaceae	Solanum	grandiflorum	PP	1250	Solanum grandiflorum
nPP_Lomasa_39	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	sp30	PP	595	Ocotea sp30
nPT_Piara_393	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Aniba	taubertiana	PT	1000	Aniba taubertiana
nPT_Ppmnor_99	SpeciesName	Brunelliaceae	Brunellia	dulcis	PT	2250	Brunellia dulcis
nPT_Arroyo_186	SpeciesName	Sabiaceae	Meliosma	glossophylla	PT	1800	Meliosma glossophylla
nPP_Terraz_41	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Tachigali	sp4	PP	425	Tachigali sp4
nPT_Sumpul_297	SpeciesName	Salicaceae	Casearia	corymbosa	PT	1521	Casearia corymbosa
nPT_Campam_104	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Meriania	sp3	PT	2548	Meriania sp3
nPP_Titiri_42	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	sp52	PP	2623	Miconia sp52
nPT_Carjat_272	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Inga	macrophylla	PT	1900	Inga macrophylla
nPP_Tintay_24	SpeciesName	Arecaceae	Attalea	speciosa	PP	175	Attalea speciosa
nPT_Piara_393	SpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Eugenia	omissa	PT	940	Eugenia omissa
nPT_Cocapu_403	MorphoSpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Croton	GAT3012	PT	1850	Croton GAT3012
nPT_Cimach_86	SpeciesName	Polygalaceae	Securidaca	volubilis	PT	1469	Securidaca volubilis
nPT_Arriba_241	MorphoSpeciesName	Cunoniaceae	Weinmannia	MCM1203	PT	2392	Weinmannia MCM1203
nPP_Fuerte_27	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Alibertia	GAT2099	PP	1386	Alibertia GAT2099
TRU-04	SpeciesName	Nyctaginaceae	Neea	floribunda	abergPP	850	Neea floribunda
nPP_Chaqui_32	SpeciesName	Adoxaceae	Viburnum	hallii	PP	1750	Viburnum hallii
nPT_Orilla_129	MorphoSpeciesName	Salicaceae	Casearia	sp4	PT	1500	Casearia sp4
CA-03	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Endlicheria	sp3	abergPT	1800	Endlicheria sp3
nPT_Palmit_147	SpeciesName	Chrysobalanaceae	Couepia	racemosa	PT	425	Couepia racemosa
nPT_Bosque_484	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Rudgea	cornifolia	PT	425	Rudgea cornifolia
nPP_Collpa_48	SpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Pouteria	macrophylla	PP	1250	Pouteria macrophylla
nPT_Arriba_184	MorphoSpeciesName	Annonaceae	Guatteria	sp3	PT	2548	Guatteria sp3
TRU-06	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	sp24	abergPP	2245	Miconia sp24
nPT_Cerro1_83	MorphoSpeciesName	Polygalaceae	Monina	sp2	PT	3054	Monina sp2
nPT_Tunkul_266	MorphoSpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Eugenia	MJM6610	PT	310	Eugenia MJM6610
nPT_Tunkul_266	SpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Eugenia	coffeifolia	PT	225	Eugenia coffeifolia
nPT_Rumi_424	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Guettarda	viburnoides	PT	1066	Guettarda viburnoides
nPT_Culi_355	MorphoSpeciesName	Chrysobalanaceae	Parinari	LC2632	PT	1685	Parinari LC2632
TRU-06	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Senna	herzogii	abergPP	400	Senna herzogii
nPT_Resina_189	MorphoSpeciesName	Asteraceae	Baccharis	CMG3031	PT	2987	Baccharis CMG3031
nPT_Frente_414	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Deguelia	amazonica	PT	1045	Deguelia amazonica
nPP_Lechem_49	SpeciesName	Celastraceae	Pristimera	nervosa	PP	1096	Pristimera nervosa
nPT_Mutune_237	SpeciesName	Marcgraviaceae	Schwartzia	weddelliana	PT	1972	Schwartzia weddelliana
nPT_Cocapu_396	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Platymiscium	stipulare	PT	550	Platymiscium stipulare
nPT_Victop_380	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Mansoa	verrucifera	PT	800	Mansoa verrucifera
nPT_Wayrap_165	SpeciesName	Magnoliaceae	Magnolia	boliviana	PT	1500	Magnolia boliviana
ESP-01	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Endlicheria	sp	abergPP	1750	Endlicheria sp
nPP_Sanmar_21	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	theizans	PP	2750	Miconia theizans
nPP_Chaqui_31	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Ladenbergia	macrocarpa	PP	2000	Ladenbergia macrocarpa
ESP-01	MorphoSpeciesName	Malvaceae	Quararibea	sp2	abergPP	425	Quararibea sp2
nPT_Cocapu_403	MorphoSpeciesName	Vochysiaceae	Vochysia	sp1	PT	800	Vochysia sp1
nPT_Turnia_118	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	sp72	PT	2548	Miconia sp72
nPT_Mara_131	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	sp54	PT	2548	Miconia sp54
nPT_Ladera_145	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Elaeagia	obovata	PT	1750	Elaeagia obovata
nPT_Copalu_273	SpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Myrcia	atrorufa	PT	1970	Myrcia atrorufa
nPT_Mutune_237	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Enterolobium	contortisiliquum	PT	662	Enterolobium contortisiliquum
WAY-01	SpeciesName	Primulaceae	Myrsine	umbellata	abergPP	1824	Myrsine umbellata
nPT_Ruinas_34	SpeciesName	Rosaceae	Prunus	debilis	PT	320	Prunus debilis
nPT_Buenah_214	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Alibertia	CMG2834	PT	1533	Alibertia CMG2834
nPP_Titiri_42	SpeciesName	Ericaceae	Disterigma	alaternoides	PP	3243	Disterigma alaternoides
nPP_Tocoaq_30	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	GAT2916	PP	2272	Miconia GAT2916
nPT_Infier_477	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Mansoa	alliacea	PT	915	Mansoa alliacea
nPT_Ultima_232	MorphoSpeciesName	Cunoniaceae	Weinmannia	AF16205	PT	3407	Weinmannia AF16205
nPT_Ppmnor_80	SpeciesName	Verbenaceae	Duranta	mandonii	PT	1750	Duranta mandonii
ESP-01	SpeciesName	Salicaceae	Casearia	nigricolor	abergPP	2237	Casearia nigricolor
nPT_Santar_423	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Cinchona	sp	PT	2750	Cinchona sp
nPT_Ovituy_200	SpeciesName	Pentaphylacaceae	Freziera	uniauriculata	PT	2000	Freziera uniauriculata
nPT_Pucara_227	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Henriettella	sp1	PT	1250	Henriettella sp1
nPP_Lechem_49	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	sp20	PP	1250	Ocotea sp20
nPT_Sumpul_298	MorphoSpeciesName	Primulaceae	Myrsine	sp10	PT	2623	Myrsine sp10
nPT_Cimace_231	SpeciesName	Malvaceae	Lueheopsis	duckeana	PT	175	Lueheopsis duckeana
nPT_Yariap_2	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Psychotria	AEC305	PT	1242	Psychotria AEC305
nPT_Corana_311	MorphoSpeciesName	Rosaceae	Prunus	AF8816A	PT	2510	Prunus AF8816A
nPP_Waturu_43	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Fridericia	japurensis	PP	380	Fridericia japurensis
WAY-01	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Rhodostemonodaphne	GAT755	abergPP	1496	Rhodostemonodaphne GAT755
nPP_Terraz_41	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Mouriri	peruviana	PP	280	Mouriri peruviana
nPT_Ruinas_36	SpeciesName	Malvaceae	Pachira	insignis	PT	241	Pachira insignis
nPP_Lomasa_39	SpeciesName	Gentianaceae	Macrocarpaea	fuentesii	PP	3243	Macrocarpaea fuentesii
nPP_Buenah_16	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	MQG16	PP	2662	Ocotea MQG16
ACJ-01	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Amicia	lobbiana	abergPP	2955	Amicia lobbiana
nPT_Infier_479	SpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Myrteola	phylicoides	PT	2975	Myrteola phylicoides
nPT_Altosc_216	MorphoSpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Cupania	FB219	PT	1936	Cupania FB219
TU-07	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Hillia	illustris	abergPT	780	Hillia illustris
nPT_Paltuy_167	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Machaerium	madeirense	PT	950	Machaerium madeirense
nPT_Tintay_254	SpeciesName	Ochnaceae	Ouratea	angulata	PT	950	Ouratea angulata
nPT_Infier_479	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	AF13043	PT	2455	Miconia AF13043
TU-02	SpeciesName	Menispermaceae	Anomospermum	bolivianum	abergPT	550	Anomospermum bolivianum
nPT_Chicoi_170	SpeciesName	Meliaceae	Trichilia	lecointei	PT	315	Trichilia lecointei
nPT_Sendae_371	SpeciesName	Ranunculaceae	Clematis	dioica	PT	930	Clematis dioica
nPT_Arriba_242	MorphoSpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Serjania	AAD788	PT	1300	Serjania AAD788
nPT_Cocapu_402	SpeciesName	Campanulaceae	Siphocampylus	vatkeanus	PT	3625	Siphocampylus vatkeanus
CA-09	SpeciesName	Annonaceae	Unonopsis	guatterioides	abergPT	1500	Unonopsis guatterioides
nPT_Cimade_195	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Mezilaurus	campaucola	PT	1500	Mezilaurus campaucola
nPT_Laurel_426	SpeciesName	Nyctaginaceae	Neea	laxa	PT	1000	Neea laxa
TRU-07	SpeciesName	Chloranthaceae	Hedyosmum	anisodorum	abergPP	2250	Hedyosmum anisodorum
nPT_Ruinas_33	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Inga	leiocalycina	PT	1521	Inga leiocalycina
nPT_Tunkul_266	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	sp14	PT	3531	Miconia sp14
nPT_Cocapu_402	MorphoSpeciesName	Sabiaceae	Meliosma	sp7	PT	2500	Meliosma sp7
nPT_Fragme_77	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Persea	AM3263	PT	1900	Persea AM3263
nPP_Buenah_15	SpeciesName	Malvaceae	Eriotheca	sclerophylla	PP	1242	Eriotheca sclerophylla
nPP_Huanec_20	SpeciesName	Malvaceae	Sterculia	rebeccae	PP	362	Sterculia rebeccae
nPT_Laurel_426	SpeciesName	Meliaceae	Trichilia	septentrionalis	PT	362	Trichilia septentrionalis
nPP_Chirim_19	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Nectandra	NPZ4854	PP	362	Nectandra NPZ4854
nPT_Tamboq_143	SpeciesName	Aristolochiaceae	Aristolochia	hoehneana	PT	724	Aristolochia hoehneana
nPT_Ladera_132	SpeciesName	Gesneriaceae	Drymonia	candida	PT	1020	Drymonia candida
nPT_Sendae_371	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Adenocalymma	bracteolatum	PT	320	Adenocalymma bracteolatum
nPT_Ppmsur_98	MorphoSpeciesName	Asteraceae	Mikania	GAT2585	PT	1367	Mikania GAT2585
nPT_Arroyo_186	SpeciesName	Apocynaceae	Tabernaemontana	vanheurckii	PT	280	Tabernaemontana vanheurckii
nPP_Lomaka_40	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Meriania	LC2710	PP	1777	Meriania LC2710
nPT_Codoso_369	SpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Paullinia	ingifolia	PT	300	Paullinia ingifolia
nPT_Fuerte_271	SpeciesName	Vochysiaceae	Erisma	uncinatum	PT	1045	Erisma uncinatum
APK-01	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	longifolia	abergPP	1015	Miconia longifolia
nPT_Tanhua_342	SpeciesName	Petiveriaceae	Seguieria	brevithyrsa	PT	1321	Seguieria brevithyrsa
APK-01	SpeciesName	Moraceae	Brosimum	guianense	abergPP	1070	Brosimum guianense
nPT_Tanhua_343	SpeciesName	Araliaceae	Sciodaphyllum	buchtienii	PT	1470	Sciodaphyllum buchtienii
nPT_Aguapo_51	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	sp15	PT	1500	Miconia sp15
TRU-08	SpeciesName	Burseraceae	Protium	opacum	abergPP	850	Protium opacum
CAL-02	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	sp17	abergPP	1000	Ocotea sp17
nPP_Resina_12	SpeciesName	Aquifoliaceae	Ilex	microdonta	PP	1800	Ilex microdonta
nPT_Culi_360	MorphoSpeciesName	Primulaceae	Myrsine	sp3	PT	2500	Myrsine sp3
nPT_Aguapo_56	MorphoSpeciesName	Araliaceae	Oreopanax	sp5	PT	1983	Oreopanax sp5
SAI-01	MorphoSpeciesName	Asteraceae	Pentacalia	sp7	abergPP	3402	Pentacalia sp7
nPT_Chicoi_170	SpeciesName	Urticaceae	Pouroma	mollis	PT	1601	Pouroma mollis
nPT_Detras_69	SpeciesName	Opiliaceae	Agonandra	brasiliensis	PT	420	Agonandra brasiliensis
nPP_Tapuri_46	MorphoSpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Pouteria	MJM6791	PP	380	Pouteria MJM6791
nPP_Sumpul_34	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Albizia	pedicellaris	PP	940	Albizia pedicellaris
nPT_Palca_425	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Lundia	densiflora	PT	1580	Lundia densiflora
nPP_Terraz_41	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	BNA737	PP	225	Ocotea BNA737
nPT_Tunkul_266	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Senegalia	velutina	PT	1219	Senegalia velutina
nPP_Fuerte_27	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Psychotria	falcata	PP	3021	Psychotria falcata
nPT_Juanul_233	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Lonchocarpus	AF5437	PT	300	Lonchocarpus AF5437
nPP_Lechem_50	SpeciesName	Asteraceae	Quechualia	fulta	PP	2179	Quechualia fulta
TRU-03	SpeciesName	Asteraceae	Ophryosporus	axilliflorus	abergPP	2789	Ophryosporus axilliflorus
nPT_Siripi_431	MorphoSpeciesName	Clusiaceae	Clusia	AM113	PT	1715	Clusia AM113
TU-01	MorphoSpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Paullinia	MCT120	abergPT	384	Paullinia MCT120
nPT_Santaa_347	SpeciesName	Meliaceae	Ruagea	hirsuta	PT	2680	Ruagea hirsuta
nPT_Cerro1_83	SpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Matayba	arborescens	PT	280	Matayba arborescens
nPT_Resina_193	SpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Serjania	pyramidata	PT	810	Serjania pyramidata
nPP_Tocoaq_28	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Mucuna	MJM6893	PP	460	Mucuna MJM6893
nPT_Culi_356	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Schnella	pterocalyx	PT	610	Schnella pterocalyx
nPT_Sumpul_307	MorphoSpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Pouteria	sp7	PT	1250	Pouteria sp7
nPT_Lambra_440	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Ormosia	sp1	PT	1500	Ormosia sp1
TRU-08	SpeciesName	Boraginaceae	Cordia	lomatoloba	abergPP	1500	Cordia lomatoloba
SP-02	MorphoSpeciesName	Solanaceae	Solanum	sp11	abergPT	1500	Solanum sp11
nPT_Santaa_345	SpeciesName	Annonaceae	Guatteria	guentheri	PT	425	Guatteria guentheri
nPT_Arriba_239	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Endlicheria	sp5	PT	425	Endlicheria sp5
nPT_Bibosi_42	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Palicourea	lineata	PT	3284	Palicourea lineata
nPP_Chaqui_32	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	sp74	PP	1983	Miconia sp74
nPT_Tamboq_135	SpeciesName	Apocynaceae	Rauvolfia	praecox	PT	175	Rauvolfia praecox
nPP_Lomaka_40	SpeciesName	Urticaceae	Coussapoa	ovalifolia	PP	175	Coussapoa ovalifolia
nPT_Tapuri_413	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Alibertia	ILR365	PT	1588	Alibertia ILR365
nPP_Sanmar_23	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	GAT2743	PP	2698	Miconia GAT2743
nPT_Cocapu_396	SpeciesName	Asteraceae	Jungia	weberbaueri	PT	2866	Jungia weberbaueri
nPP_Chiriu_2	SpeciesName	Pentaphylacaceae	Ternstroemia	circumscissilis	PP	1427	Ternstroemia circumscissilis
nPP_Collpa_48	MorphoSpeciesName	Vochysiaceae	Qualea	AF17299	PP	1616	Qualea AF17299
nPP_Heatht_8	MorphoSpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Eugenia	MJM4650	PP	480	Eugenia MJM4650
nPP_Sanmar_21	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Tanaecium	tetragonolobum	PP	535	Tanaecium tetragonolobum
nPT_Curich_58	SpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Elaeoluma	nuda	PT	595	Elaeoluma nuda
TRU-01	SpeciesName	Urticaceae	Pourouma	cuspidata	abergPP	850	Pourouma cuspidata
nPT_Ruinas_33	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	sp28	PT	1500	Ocotea sp28
nPT_Resina_197	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Inga	sp5	PT	1000	Inga sp5
nPT_Infier_475	MorphoSpeciesName	Elaeocarpaceae	Sloanea	sp7	PT	425	Sloanea sp7
nPT_Majo_43	SpeciesName	Apocynaceae	Himatanthus	sucuuba	PT	425	Himatanthus sucuuba
nPT_Yariap_3	SpeciesName	Theaceae	Freziera	angulosa	PT	2024	Freziera angulosa
nPT_Tapuri_406	MorphoSpeciesName	Aquifoliaceae	Ilex	sp5	PT	1750	Ilex sp5
AC-03	SpeciesName	Symplocaceae	Symplocos	mezii	abergPT	2096	Symplocos mezii
nPP_Tanhua_37	MorphoSpeciesName	Santalaceae	Acanthosyris	ILR404	PP	1100	Acanthosyris ILR404
nPT_Cimapp_126	SpeciesName	Loranthaceae	Struthanthus	acuminatus	PT	1580	Struthanthus acuminatus
nPP_Tuichi_4	SpeciesName	Polygonaceae	Coccoloba	densifrons	PP	194	Coccoloba densifrons
nPT_Tanhua_342	MorphoSpeciesName	Styracaceae	Styrax	GAT2722	PT	3021	Styrax GAT2722
nPP_Charop_47	SpeciesName	Apocynaceae	Odontadenia	laxiflora	PP	1254	Odontadenia laxiflora
nPT_Tumupa_17	MorphoSpeciesName	Thymelaeaceae	Daphnopsis	MCM1231	PT	2203	Daphnopsis MCM1231
nPT_Ppmsur_98	SpeciesName	Apocynaceae	Marsdenia	macrophylla	PT	938	Marsdenia macrophylla
nPT_Cocapu_404	MorphoSpeciesName	Piperaceae	Piper	FB305	PT	1910	Piper FB305
nPT_Planop_87	SpeciesName	Aquifoliaceae	Ilex	microsticta	PT	3407	Ilex microsticta
nPT_Rumi_424	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	AF11750	PT	1790	Miconia AF11750
nPT_Piedel_71	MorphoSpeciesName	Araliaceae	Oreopanax	sp11	PT	3627	Oreopanax sp11
nPT_Santia_415	MorphoSpeciesName	Campanulaceae	Centropogon	sp1	PT	3521	Centropogon sp1
nPT_Ruinas_75	MorphoSpeciesName	Clusiaceae	Clusia	sp10	PT	1750	Clusia sp10
nPT_Fuerte_268	MorphoSpeciesName	Escalloniaceae	Escallonia	sp1	PT	3389	Escallonia sp1
nPT_Ladera_127	MorphoSpeciesName	Asteraceae	Pentacalia	sp2	PT	1970	Pentacalia sp2
nPT_Orilla_68	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Lonchocarpus	AM2704	PT	724	Lonchocarpus AM2704
nPT_Tamboq_143	SpeciesName	Piperaceae	Piper	propinquum	PT	1930	Piper propinquum
nPT_Catara_327	SpeciesName	Moraceae	Ficus	aripuanensis	PT	238	Ficus aripuanensis
nPT_Ruinas_33	SpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Chrysophyllum	ovale	PT	338	Chrysophyllum ovale
nPT_Cocapu_402	MorphoSpeciesName	Cunoniaceae	Weinmannia	GAT2818	PT	3061	Weinmannia GAT2818
APK-01	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Rudgea	MJM5257	abergPP	1070	Rudgea MJM5257
nPT_Siripi_432	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	sp37	PT	1500	Miconia sp37
nPT_Tolal_89	SpeciesName	Vochysiaceae	Vochysia	biloba	PT	1000	Vochysia biloba
nPT_Cerros_182	SpeciesName	Brunelliaceae	Brunellia	cuzcoensis	PT	3000	Brunellia cuzcoensis
nPT_Chiriu_76	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Swartzia	sp2	PT	425	Swartzia sp2
nPT_Resina_196	MorphoSpeciesName	Apocynaceae	Aspidosperma	sp2	PT	1250	Aspidosperma sp2
nPT_Fuerte_267	SpeciesName	Araliaceae	Oreopanax	microcephalus	PT	2623	Oreopanax microcephalus
TRU-04	SpeciesName	Salicaceae	Xylosma	intermedia	abergPP	280	Xylosma intermedia
nPT_Ruinas_33	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	subrutilans	PT	1054	Ocotea subrutilans
nPP_Terraz_41	SpeciesName	Meliaceae	Swietenia	macrophylla	PP	724	Swietenia macrophylla
nPT_Bosque_146	SpeciesName	Rosaceae	Prunus	guanaiensis	PT	1735	Prunus guanaiensis
nPT_Tanhua_340	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	micrantha	PT	2698	Miconia micrantha
nPT_Ppmcen_107	MorphoSpeciesName	Cyatheaceae	Cyathea	MQG129	PT	2762	Cyathea MQG129
nPT_Sumpul_303	SpeciesName	Verbenaceae	Citharexylum	reticulatum	PT	361	Citharexylum reticulatum
TU-06	SpeciesName	Malpighiaceae	Byrsonima	poeppigiana	abergPT	1096	Byrsonima poeppigiana
nPT_Pichan_234	SpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Cupania	cinerea	PT	1790	Cupania cinerea
nPT_Ladera_145	SpeciesName	Olacaceae	Heisteria	scandens	PT	1241	Heisteria scandens
nPP_Waturu_43	SpeciesName	Malvaceae	Pseudobombax	longiflorum	PP	1115	Pseudobombax longiflorum
nPT_Sumpul_308	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Aniba	sp10	PT	595	Aniba sp10
nPP_Chirim_19	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Erythrina	ulei	PP	1521	Erythrina ulei
nPT_Culi_354	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Psychotria	tinctoria	PT	1478	Psychotria tinctoria
nPT_Tanhua_342	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Psychotria	CMG2521	PT	1626	Psychotria CMG2521
nPT_Chicoi_169	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Cuspidaria	subincana	PT	1392	Cuspidaria subincana
CAL-01	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Coussarea	AF3678	abergPP	350	Coussarea AF3678
nPT_Tequej_24	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Alibertia	RS8452	PT	400	Alibertia RS8452
nPT_Ppmtsu_81	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Emmeorhiza	umbellata	PT	2252	Emmeorhiza umbellata
nPT_Culi_359	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Chiococca	alba	PT	280	Chiococca alba
nPT_Victop_379	SpeciesName	Chrysobalanaceae	Couepia	bernardii	PT	595	Couepia bernardii
nPT_Calami_206	MorphoSpeciesName	Moraceae	Ficus	sp2	PT	1521	Ficus sp2
nPT_Tumupa_19	MorphoSpeciesName	Araliaceae	Oreopanax	sp7	PT	3528	Oreopanax sp7
nPT_Sanroq_228	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Bauhinia	acreana	PT	380	Bauhinia acreana
nPT_Tanhua_342	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Faramea	capillipes	PT	940	Faramea capillipes
nPT_Arriba_224	MorphoSpeciesName	Pentaphylacaceae	Freziera	GAT2793	PT	2888	Freziera GAT2793
nPT_Buenah_211	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Posoqueria	longiflora	PT	1970	Posoqueria longiflora
nPP_Sanmar_23	SpeciesName	Solanaceae	Solanum	inelegans	PP	2955	Solanum inelegans
nPP_Lomasa_39	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Cinnamomum	AF5142	PP	1910	Cinnamomum AF5142
nPT_Mauri_49	MorphoSpeciesName	Clusiaceae	Chrysochlamys	MCM343	PT	1427	Chrysochlamys MCM343
nPT_Palmar_105	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	AF17217	PT	1515	Miconia AF17217
nPT_Nucala_203	SpeciesName	Araliaceae	Oreopanax	membranaceus	PT	1790	Oreopanax membranaceus
nPT_Tequej_24	SpeciesName	Podocarpaceae	Podocarpus	ballivianensis	PT	1819	Podocarpus ballivianensis
nPT_Infier_473	SpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Eugenia	limbosa	PT	1430	Eugenia limbosa
nPT_Tolal_89	SpeciesName	Moraceae	Ficus	trapezicola	PT	1500	Ficus trapezicola
nPT_Rincon_362	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	sp	PT	595	Ocotea sp
nPT_Fuerte_271	MorphoSpeciesName	Annonaceae	Guatteria	sp8	PT	425	Guatteria sp8
nPT_Arriba_239	MorphoSpeciesName	Actinidiaceae	Saurauia	sp2	PT	2548	Saurauia sp2
nPP_Lomasa_39	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	sp35	PP	1601	Miconia sp35
nPT_Sanmig_181	SpeciesName	Burseraceae	Protium	aracouchini	PT	190	Protium aracouchini
nPP_Javill_18	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Stizophyllum	riparium	PP	420	Stizophyllum riparium
nPT_Yariap_2	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Senegalia	BNA186	PT	189	Senegalia BNA186
nPT_Santaa_347	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	GAT2395	PT	2570	Miconia GAT2395
nPT_Retama_44	SpeciesName	Apocynaceae	Prestonia	leco	PT	1752	Prestonia leco
nPT_Cocapu_404	SpeciesName	Cyatheaceae	Cyathea	planadae	PT	2179	Cyathea planadae
nPT_Cuchil_100	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Fridericia	fanshawei	PT	455	Fridericia fanshawei
nPT_Ultima_232	SpeciesName	Ochnaceae	Ouratea	scottii	PT	820	Ouratea scottii
nPT_Piara_394	SpeciesName	Chrysobalanaceae	Licania	octandra	PT	850	Licania octandra
nPP_Buenah_17	SpeciesName	Magnoliaceae	Magnolia	amazonica	PP	1500	Magnolia amazonica
nPT_Aguapo_51	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Nectandra	reticulata	PT	1000	Nectandra reticulata
TU-07	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Leandra	sp2	abergPT	2500	Leandra sp2
nPT_Ppmtsu_81	MorphoSpeciesName	Rosaceae	Prunus	sp3	PT	2096	Prunus sp3
nPT_Cimapp_126	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Rudgea	verticillata	PT	1900	Rudgea verticillata
nPT_Alsura_229	SpeciesName	Polygonaceae	Triplaris	poeppigiana	PT	280	Triplaris poeppigiana
nPT_Fuerte_260	SpeciesName	Malvaceae	Ceiba	samauma	PT	662	Ceiba samauma
nPT_Arroyo_384	SpeciesName	Moraceae	Ficus	castellviana	PT	270	Ficus castellviana
nPT_Victop_373	SpeciesName	Piperaceae	Piper	hispidum	PT	874	Piper hispidum
nPT_Juanul_233	SpeciesName	Cyatheaceae	Cyathea	lasiosora	PT	1777	Cyathea lasiosora
nPP_Sanmar_23	SpeciesName	Arecaceae	Chamaedorea	pinnatifrons	PP	1532	Chamaedorea pinnatifrons
nPT_Santaa_328	SpeciesName	Celastraceae	Peritassa	pruinosa	PT	354	Peritassa pruinosa
AC-03	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Fridericia	candicans	abergPT	767	Fridericia candicans
nPP_Buenah_17	SpeciesName	Asteraceae	Bidens	reptans	PP	2169	Bidens reptans
TRU-08	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	RSS25	abergPP	2244	Ocotea RSS25
TRU-06	SpeciesName	Meliaceae	Trichilia	elsae	abergPP	280	Trichilia elsae
nPT_Sendac_90	MorphoSpeciesName	Apocynaceae	Forsteronia	GAT2267	PT	1299	Forsteronia GAT2267
nPT_Tumupa_18	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	triplinervis	PT	1470	Miconia triplinervis
TRU-06	MorphoSpeciesName	Vochysiaceae	Vochysia	sp4	abergPP	1500	Vochysia sp4
nPT_Tequej_27	SpeciesName	Monimiaceae	Mollinedia	tomentosa	PT	1000	Mollinedia tomentosa
nPT_Arroyo_256	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Psychotria	allenii	PT	1000	Psychotria allenii
nPP_Yarimi_10	MorphoSpeciesName	Apocynaceae	Aspidosperma	sp1	PP	1521	Aspidosperma sp1
nPT_Tumupa_22	MorphoSpeciesName	Urticaceae	Myriocarpa	sp	PT	1250	Myriocarpa sp
nPT_Piara_387	MorphoSpeciesName	Piperaceae	Piper	sp10	PT	1478	Piper sp10
nPP_Waturu_43	SpeciesName	Cunoniaceae	Weinmannia	glomerata	PP	1970	Weinmannia glomerata
nPT_Alsudd_248	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	NPZ4964	PT	362	Ocotea NPZ4964
SAI-01	SpeciesName	Clusiaceae	Tovomita	laurina	abergPP	280	Tovomita laurina
SPD-01	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	sessilifolia	abergPP	1780	Miconia sessilifolia
TU-08	MorphoSpeciesName	Salicaceae	Casearia	AM2139	abergPT	843	Casearia AM2139
nPT_Rocoro_109	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Cochliasanthus	caracalla	PT	500	Cochliasanthus caracalla
nPT_Arriba_241	MorphoSpeciesName	Cyatheaceae	Alsophila	sp2	PT	1750	Alsophila sp2
nPT_Frente_414	MorphoSpeciesName	Salicaceae	Casearia	sp3	PT	1500	Casearia sp3
nPP_Fuerte_27	SpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Micropholis	egensis	PP	175	Micropholis egensis
nPP_Tanhua_37	SpeciesName	Burseraceae	Tetragastris	panamensis	PP	310	Tetragastris panamensis
SP-05	SpeciesName	Malpighiaceae	Bunchosia	paraguariensis	abergPT	1075	Bunchosia paraguariensis
nPP_Lomaka_40	MorphoSpeciesName	Lamiaceae	Aegiphila	NPZ5637	PP	923	Aegiphila NPZ5637
TRU-04	SpeciesName	Malpighiaceae	Alicia	anisopetala	abergPP	1271	Alicia anisopetala
nPT_Marimo_37	SpeciesName	Ericaceae	Gaultheria	vaccinioides	PT	3490	Gaultheria vaccinioides
nPT_Kelluc_174	SpeciesName	Asteraceae	Dendrophorbium	yungasense	PT	2408	Dendrophorbium yungasense
nPT_Infier_476	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Aniba	megaphylla	PT	515	Aniba megaphylla
nPT_Sanmig_181	MorphoSpeciesName	Meliaceae	Trichilia	MJM6013	PT	455	Trichilia MJM6013
nPT_Yariap_11	SpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Mabea	fistulifera	PT	1115	Mabea fistulifera
nPT_Orilla_129	SpeciesName	Asteraceae	Barnadesia	caryophylla	PT	1250	Barnadesia caryophylla
nPT_Ajusuc_168	SpeciesName	Nyctaginaceae	Neea	dimorphophylla	PT	1000	Neea dimorphophylla
nPT_Lambra_442	MorphoSpeciesName	Annonaceae	Guatteria	sp15	PT	1000	Guatteria sp15
nPT_Codoso_369	MorphoSpeciesName	Clusiaceae	Clusia	sp7	PT	2000	Clusia sp7
nPP_Tapuri_46	MorphoSpeciesName	Meliaceae	Trichilia	sp3	PP	1521	Trichilia sp3
nPT_Arriba_241	SpeciesName	Apocynaceae	Lacmellea	peruviana	PT	1250	Lacmellea peruviana
nPT_Buenah_209	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	sp29	PT	1983	Miconia sp29
nPT_Ladera_185	SpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Hieronyma	duquei	PT	1983	Hieronyma duquei
RE-03	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Fridericia	trailii	abergPT	175	Fridericia trailii
SPD-01	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Aniba	hostmanniana	abergPP	380	Aniba hostmanniana
nPT_Culi_357	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Graffenrieda	conostegioides	PT	1685	Graffenrieda conostegioides
nPT_Tumupa_23	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Schnella	guianensis	PT	320	Schnella guianensis
nPP_Yarimi_9	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Malanea	boliviana	PP	950	Malanea boliviana
nPT_Culi_355	MorphoSpeciesName	Asteraceae	Pluchea	GAT479	PT	2228	Pluchea GAT479
SAI-02	SpeciesName	Menispermaceae	Hyperbaena	domingensis	abergPP	515	Hyperbaena domingensis
nPT_Culi_355	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Machaerium	sp1	PT	1500	Machaerium sp1
nPT_Sumpul_299	SpeciesName	Clethraceae	Clethra	obovata	PT	2000	Clethra obovata
nPP_Sumpul_34	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Persea	nudigemma	PP	1250	Persea nudigemma
SP-04	MorphoSpeciesName	Moraceae	Helicostylis	sp2	abergPT	1250	Helicostylis sp2
nPP_Chalal_6	SpeciesName	Araliaceae	Dendropanax	oblongifolius	PP	1735	Dendropanax oblongifolius
nPT_Infier_478	MorphoSpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Fridericia	BNA557	PT	209	Fridericia BNA557
nPT_Encuen_220	SpeciesName	Celastraceae	Maytenus	sprucei	PT	194	Maytenus sprucei
nPT_Cocapu_396	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	MVH126	PT	2698	Miconia MVH126
nPT_Tumupa_19	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	BNA279	PT	238	Miconia BNA279
nPT_Santar_419	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Chomelia	paniculata	PT	400	Chomelia paniculata
nPT_Pampay_178	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Dioclea	ILR46	PT	1326	Dioclea ILR46
nPP_Tocoaq_30	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Erythrina	falcata	PP	1955	Erythrina falcata
nPT_Naranj_111	SpeciesName	Polygalaceae	Bredemeyera	floribunda	PT	950	Bredemeyera floribunda
nPT_Arriba_184	SpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Paullinia	rugosa	PT	950	Paullinia rugosa
nPT_Piara_392	SpeciesName	Proteaceae	Panopsis	yungasensis	PT	1527	Panopsis yungasensis
nPT_Jurita_381	MorphoSpeciesName	Celastraceae	Cheiloclinium	GAT1797	PT	1241	Cheiloclinium GAT1797
nPT_Tequej_29	MorphoSpeciesName	Siparunaceae	Siparuna	GAT2287	PT	1299	Siparuna GAT2287
nPT_Buenah_210	SpeciesName	Apocynaceae	Rauvolfia	sprucei	PT	1000	Rauvolfia sprucei
nPT_Codoso_369	MorphoSpeciesName	Urticaceae	Cecropia	sp1	PT	425	Cecropia sp1
nPP_Tocoaq_28	SpeciesName	Moraceae	Ficus	crocata	PP	933	Ficus crocata
TRU-05	SpeciesName	Solanaceae	Solanum	cutervanum	abergPP	3324	Solanum cutervanum
nPT_Cocapu_397	SpeciesName	Chrysobalanaceae	Licania	arborea	PT	209	Licania arborea
nPP_Sumpul_33	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	CMG2351	PP	1537	Miconia CMG2351
nPT_Buenah_207	SpeciesName	Symplocaceae	Symplocos	subcuneata	PT	3200	Symplocos subcuneata
nPP_Collpa_48	SpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Cupania	scrobiculata	PP	470	Cupania scrobiculata
nPT_Arroyo_186	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	subandicola	PT	820	Miconia subandicola
APK-01	MorphoSpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Calyptranthes	MJM4920	abergPP	810	Calyptranthes MJM4920
nPT_Ladera_185	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	MJM6758	PT	840	Ocotea MJM6758
nPP_Tanhua_37	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Pleurothyrium	poeppigii	PP	1500	Pleurothyrium poeppigii
nPT_Sucuil_382	SpeciesName	Moraceae	Ficus	pertusa	PT	1250	Ficus pertusa
nPT_Paripa_429	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Lonchocarpus	sp	PT	1800	Lonchocarpus sp
nPP_Resina_12	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Inga	steinbachii	PP	320	Inga steinbachii
nPT_Sumpul_298	SpeciesName	Primulaceae	Stylogyne	longifolia	PT	260	Stylogyne longifolia
nPT_Tequej_26	SpeciesName	Burseraceae	Protium	meridionale	PT	194	Protium meridionale
nPT_Cimace_231	SpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Paullinia	selenoptera	PT	1532	Paullinia selenoptera
nPT_Tigre_48	SpeciesName	Solanaceae	Brunfelsia	mire	PT	1239	Brunfelsia mire
nPT_Khokho_326	SpeciesName	Asteraceae	Mikania	guaco	PT	1970	Mikania guaco
nPT_Buenah_209	SpeciesName	Solanaceae	Brunfelsia	grandiflora	PT	340	Brunfelsia grandiflora
nPT_Paripa_429	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Randia	micracantha	PT	2987	Randia micracantha
nPT_Sumpul_303	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Psychotria	AF5146	PT	1715	Psychotria AF5146
nPT_Alfren_64	SpeciesName	Siparunaceae	Siparuna	thecaphora	PT	1015	Siparuna thecaphora
nPP_Sanmar_23	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	MJM7036	PP	950	Ocotea MJM7036
nPT_Santat_120	SpeciesName	Asteraceae	Diplostephium	haenkei	PT	3279	Diplostephium haenkei
nPT_Aguapo_50	SpeciesName	Myricaceae	Morella	chevalieri	PT	2281	Morella chevalieri
nPT_Piara_388	MorphoSpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Pouteria	RS8572	PT	515	Pouteria RS8572
nPT_Paripa_429	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Centrolobium	microchaete	PT	840	Centrolobium microchaete
nPT_Santaa_352	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Martinella	obovata	PT	950	Martinella obovata
nPT_Ladera_132	SpeciesName	Malvaceae	Matisia	bicolor	PT	610	Matisia bicolor
nPP_Sanmar_21	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	sp1	PP	3537	Miconia sp1
SP-05	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Bellucia	grossularioides	abergPT	595	Bellucia grossularioides
nPT_Tequej_27	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Inga	sp21	PT	1750	Inga sp21
nPT_Tintay_252	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Nectandra	sp21	PT	1500	Nectandra sp21
SPD-02	MorphoSpeciesName	Urticaceae	Pourouma	sp8	abergPP	425	Pourouma sp8
nPT_Copal_91	MorphoSpeciesName	Chrysobalanaceae	Hirtella	sp1	PT	800	Hirtella sp1
nPT_Lambra_437	MorphoSpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Eugenia	sp2	PT	1521	Eugenia sp2
nPT_Tintay_258	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	sp41	PT	3284	Miconia sp41
nPT_Planor_102	MorphoSpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Alchornea	sp11	PT	1970	Alchornea sp11
nPT_Zanjon_261	SpeciesName	Acanthaceae	Mendoncia	meyeniana	PT	260	Mendoncia meyeniana
TRU-03	MorphoSpeciesName	Celastraceae	Cheiloclinium	ETP309	abergPP	1408	Cheiloclinium ETP309
TRU-02	SpeciesName	Schoepfiaceae	Schoepfia	tetramera	abergPP	1248	Schoepfia tetramera
nPT_Detras_69	SpeciesName	Malpighiaceae	Byrsonima	crispa	PT	1045	Byrsonima crispa
nPT_Wayrap_163	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	ternatifolia	PT	1500	Miconia ternatifolia
nPT_Infier_479	SpeciesName	Annonaceae	Annona	ambotay	PT	850	Annona ambotay
nPT_Ruinas_31	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	astroplocama	PT	1500	Miconia astroplocama
nPP_Heatht_8	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Chimarrhis	hookeri	PP	800	Chimarrhis hookeri
nPT_Resina_190	SpeciesName	Clusiaceae	Rheedia	brasiliensis	PT	800	Rheedia brasiliensis
nPT_Ppmtsu_81	MorphoSpeciesName	Sabiaceae	Meliosma	sp14	PT	2110	Meliosma sp14
nPT_Buenah_211	MorphoSpeciesName	Cunoniaceae	Weinmannia	LC4791	PT	2872	Weinmannia LC4791
nPP_Heatht_8	SpeciesName	Urticaceae	Cecropia	concolor	PP	280	Cecropia concolor
nPT_Ultima_232	SpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Paullinia	bracteosa	PT	380	Paullinia bracteosa
SP-01	SpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Serjania	elongata	abergPT	320	Serjania elongata
TU-04	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	bubalina	abergPT	320	Miconia bubalina
TU-02	SpeciesName	Petiveriaceae	Trichostigma	octandrum	abergPT	280	Trichostigma octandrum
nPT_Lianas_67	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Andira	LC617	PT	424	Andira LC617
nPT_Cocapu_400	SpeciesName	Menispermaceae	Abuta	pahnii	PT	515	Abuta pahnii
nPT_Frente_414	SpeciesName	Polygonaceae	Triplaris	weigeltiana	PT	1500	Triplaris weigeltiana
nPT_Apache_365	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Alibertia	sp1	PT	850	Alibertia sp1
nPT_Loma_72	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Lonchocarpus	sp3	PT	850	Lonchocarpus sp3
PAN-03	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	sp8	abergPP	850	Miconia sp8
nPP_Tintay_24	SpeciesName	Lacistemataceae	Lozania	nunkui	PP	1800	Lozania nunkui
nPP_Fuerte_26	SpeciesName	Cyatheaceae	Cyathea	pallescens	PP	3000	Cyathea pallescens
nPT_Fuerte_267	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Ladenbergia	sp4	PT	800	Ladenbergia sp4
nPT_Wayrap_164	MorphoSpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Eugenia	NA873	PT	1100	Eugenia NA873
nPP_Sumpul_34	SpeciesName	Verbenaceae	Citharexylum	laurifolium	PP	2889	Citharexylum laurifolium
nPT_Tanhua_341	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Tibouchina	calycina	PT	2859	Tibouchina calycina
CAL-02	SpeciesName	Plantaginaceae	Basistemon	silvaticus	abergPP	721	Basistemon silvaticus
nPP_Lechem_50	SpeciesName	Ericaceae	Disterigma	ovatum	PP	2090	Disterigma ovatum
ACJ-01	MorphoSpeciesName	Lamiaceae	Aegiphila	MJM5497	abergPP	780	Aegiphila MJM5497
nPP_Lechem_49	SpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Matayba	macrostylis	PP	470	Matayba macrostylis
nPP_Tapuri_45	MorphoSpeciesName	Asteraceae	Mikania	MJM5222	PP	950	Mikania MJM5222
nPT_Culi_355	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Inga	laurina	PT	1493	Inga laurina
nPT_Tigre_48	MorphoSpeciesName	Celastraceae	Cheiloclinium	GAT2107	PT	1386	Cheiloclinium GAT2107
nPT_Palcas_428	SpeciesName	Hydrangeaceae	Hydrangea	jelskii	PT	1500	Hydrangea jelskii
nPT_Cocapu_401	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Inga	sp8	PT	1000	Inga sp8
nPP_Lechem_49	SpeciesName	Symplocaceae	Symplocos	bogotensis	PP	2750	Symplocos bogotensis
nPT_Kelluc_174	MorphoSpeciesName	Cyatheaceae	Cyathea	sp11	PT	2500	Cyathea sp11
nPT_Khokho_326	MorphoSpeciesName	Asteraceae	Ageratina	sp1	PT	3000	Ageratina sp1
nPT_Copal_91	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Inga	sp37	PT	425	Inga sp37
nPT_Arriba_224	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Aniba	robusta	PT	1250	Aniba robusta
nPT_Santaa_344	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	sp25	PT	2500	Ocotea sp25
nPP_Collpa_48	SpeciesName	Menispermaceae	Anomospermum	chloranthum	PP	1250	Anomospermum chloranthum
nPT_Palcas_428	SpeciesName	Arecaceae	Geonoma	deversa	PT	596	Geonoma deversa
TRU-07	SpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Paullinia	clavigera	abergPP	224	Paullinia clavigera
TRU-07	SpeciesName	Metteniusaceae	Dendrobangia	boliviana	abergPP	300	Dendrobangia boliviana
nPT_Laaltu_61	MorphoSpeciesName	Sabiaceae	Meliosma	sp11	PT	2110	Meliosma sp11
nPT_Buenah_207	MorphoSpeciesName	Piperaceae	Piper	sp2	PT	2449	Piper sp2
CA-05	MorphoSpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Myrcia	MJM6842	abergPT	320	Myrcia MJM6842
nPT_Palmit_144	SpeciesName	Primulaceae	Myrsine	oligophylla	PT	1650	Myrsine oligophylla
SPD-01	MorphoSpeciesName	Apocynaceae	Forsteronia	LC750	abergPP	194	Forsteronia LC750
nPT_Buenah_210	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Lecointea	peruviana	PT	360	Lecointea peruviana
nPT_Santaa_347	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Endlicheria	CMG1904	PT	320	Endlicheria CMG1904
SP-02	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Axinaea	lanceolata	abergPT	2955	Axinaea lanceolata
nPT_Laurel_426	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Cuspidaria	floribunda	PT	860	Cuspidaria floribunda
nPT_Ruinas_31	SpeciesName	Solanaceae	Solanum	abutilifolium	PT	1936	Solanum abutilifolium
nPT_Rocoro_109	SpeciesName	Malpighiaceae	Banisteriopsis	nummifera	PT	1045	Banisteriopsis nummifera
nPP_Buenah_16	SpeciesName	Ericaceae	Gaultheria	bracteata	PP	3074	Gaultheria bracteata
nPP_Fuerte_26	MorphoSpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Chrysophyllum	LC262	PP	950	Chrysophyllum LC262
nPP_Huanec_20	MorphoSpeciesName	Ericaceae	Psammisia	sp1	PP	1478	Psammisia sp1
TRU-05	MorphoSpeciesName	Piperaceae	Piper	sp7	abergPP	1478	Piper sp7
nPT_Sumpul_306	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Faramea	paniculata	PT	1414	Faramea paniculata
nPP_Lomasa_39	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Dioclea	glabra	PP	189	Dioclea glabra
nPT_Sector_263	MorphoSpeciesName	Aquifoliaceae	Ilex	GAT2856	PT	3106	Ilex GAT2856
nPT_Piara_392	MorphoSpeciesName	Asteraceae	Mikania	NA2799	PT	2045	Mikania NA2799
nPT_Victop_379	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Endlicheria	sp11	PT	1250	Endlicheria sp11
TRU-02	MorphoSpeciesName	Urticaceae	Cecropia	sp7	abergPP	1250	Cecropia sp7
nPT_Cocapu_399	MorphoSpeciesName	Vochysiaceae	Vochysia	sp2	PT	850	Vochysia sp2
nPT_Fuerte_268	MorphoSpeciesName	Cyatheaceae	Cyathea	sp7	PT	1800	Cyathea sp7
nPT_Arroyo_85	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Bellucia	pentamera	PT	800	Bellucia pentamera
TRU-03	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Inga	sp26	abergPP	1750	Inga sp26
nPT_Rincon_362	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Inga	sp1	PT	1970	Inga sp1
CA-05	MorphoSpeciesName	Annonaceae	Annona	MRL48	abergPT	2498	Annona MRL48
APK-01	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Coussarea	longiflora	abergPP	420	Coussarea longiflora
nPT_Arroyo_57	SpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Diploon	cuspidatum	PT	310	Diploon cuspidatum
nPT_Victop_379	SpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Eugenia	cydoniifolia	PT	600	Eugenia cydoniifolia
nPT_Cimach_86	SpeciesName	Symplocaceae	Symplocos	scabra	PT	2139	Symplocos scabra
nPT_Culi_360	SpeciesName	Menispermaceae	Borismene	japurensis	PT	455	Borismene japurensis
nPT_Copal_91	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Chimarrhis	sp1	PT	425	Chimarrhis sp1
nPT_Palmit_93	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Psychotria	sp10	PT	2676	Psychotria sp10
nPP_Jucuma_35	MorphoSpeciesName	Arecaceae	Ceroxylon	sp4	PP	2548	Ceroxylon sp4
nPP_Chaqui_31	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	sp43	PP	2245	Miconia sp43
nPT_Victop_373	SpeciesName	Aquifoliaceae	Ilex	ovalis	PT	3528	Ilex ovalis
nPT_Santaa_352	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	LC5997	PT	1054	Ocotea LC5997
nPT_Cerros_182	SpeciesName	Salicaceae	Xylosma	venosa	PT	960	Xylosma venosa
nPT_Marimo_37	SpeciesName	Gesneriaceae	Besleria	longipedunculata	PT	1046	Besleria longipedunculata
nPT_Rumi_424	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Palicourea	bangii	PT	1839	Palicourea bangii
nPT_Solida_97	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Alseis	RS8721	PT	600	Alseis RS8721
TRU-01	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Guettarda	tournefortiopsis	abergPP	2408	Guettarda tournefortiopsis
nPT_Tintay_259	SpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Serjania	caracasana	PT	530	Serjania caracasana
nPT_Fragme_77	MorphoSpeciesName	Arecaceae	Geonoma	sp3	PT	1750	Geonoma sp3
nPT_Ladera_132	SpeciesName	Annonaceae	Guatteria	glauca	PT	1601	Guatteria glauca
nPT_Piara_387	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	sp33	PT	1601	Miconia sp33
TU-09	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Alibertia	AM3421	abergPT	1900	Alibertia AM3421
nPP_Waturu_43	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Mansoa	parvifolia	PP	215	Mansoa parvifolia
nPT_Cocapu_403	SpeciesName	Solanaceae	Solanum	incarceratum	PT	1452	Solanum incarceratum
nPP_Tapuri_45	SpeciesName	Asteraceae	Lessingianthus	laurifolius	PP	1947	Lessingianthus laurifolius
nPT_Resina_189	SpeciesName	Celastraceae	Zinowiewia	australis	PT	1070	Zinowiewia australis
AC-01	SpeciesName	Primulaceae	Cybianthus	ambigua	abergPT	1500	Cybianthus ambigua
nPT_Campam_238	SpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Micropholis	melinoniana	PT	425	Micropholis melinoniana
nPT_Tanhua_342	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	aurea	PT	800	Miconia aurea
nPT_Tumupa_13	MorphoSpeciesName	Malvaceae	Quararibea	sp1	PT	1521	Quararibea sp1
nPP_Tocoaq_28	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	sp31	PP	1521	Miconia sp31
nPT_Piara_394	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	sp47	PT	3284	Miconia sp47
nPP_Tocoaq_30	MorphoSpeciesName	Actinidiaceae	Saurauia	sp1	PP	1983	Saurauia sp1
nPT_Santaa_328	SpeciesName	Urticaceae	Cecropia	latiloba	PT	190	Cecropia latiloba
nPT_Culi_355	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Aniba	AEC243	PT	1242	Aniba AEC243
nPT_Perfil_78	MorphoSpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Pouteria	GAT634	PT	1166	Pouteria GAT634
nPP_Charop_47	MorphoSpeciesName	Cunoniaceae	Weinmannia	MQG47	PP	2486	Weinmannia MQG47
nPP_Mamaco_3	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Bauhinia	sp1	PP	595	Bauhinia sp1
nPT_Cocapu_401	MorphoSpeciesName	Cyatheaceae	Cyathea	sp5	PT	2000	Cyathea sp5
nPT_Ajusuc_168	SpeciesName	Myristicaceae	Virola	elongata	PT	175	Virola elongata
nPT_Cuchiw_119	SpeciesName	Moraceae	Sorocea	sprucei	PT	194	Sorocea sprucei
nPP_Sumpul_34	SpeciesName	Arecaceae	Prestoea	acuminata	PP	1102	Prestoea acuminata
nPT_Lambra_440	SpeciesName	Lamiaceae	Aegiphila	verticillata	PT	320	Aegiphila verticillata
nPT_Codoso_369	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Chomelia	AF4462	PT	435	Chomelia AF4462
SAI-01	SpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Serjania	nutans	abergPP	818	Serjania nutans
nPT_Bosque_480	SpeciesName	Capparaceae	Capparidastrum	osmanthum	PT	280	Capparidastrum osmanthum
TU-07	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	sp11	abergPT	425	Miconia sp11
AC-03	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Inga	megalobotrys	abergPT	425	Inga megalobotrys
nPT_Rumi_424	MorphoSpeciesName	Polygalaceae	Monina	sp4	PT	3528	Monina sp4
nPT_Tanhua_340	MorphoSpeciesName	Theaceae	Ternstroenia	sp1	PT	2024	Ternstroenia sp1
nPP_Jucuma_35	SpeciesName	Caricaceae	Carica	papaya	PP	1400	Carica papaya
nPT_Arriba_242	MorphoSpeciesName	Asteraceae	Baccharis	GAT2564	PT	2955	Baccharis GAT2564
nPT_Cabece_149	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Faramea	cuencana	PT	1527	Faramea cuencana
nPT_Marimo_37	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	MJM5882	PT	550	Miconia MJM5882
nPT_Khokho_326	SpeciesName	Primulaceae	Parathesis	adenanthera	PT	810	Parathesis adenanthera
nPT_Cocapu_399	MorphoSpeciesName	Malpighiaceae	Byrsonima	MJM5283	PT	1070	Byrsonima MJM5283
nPT_Tintay_250	SpeciesName	Polygalaceae	Monnina	connectisepala	PT	3215	Monnina connectisepala
nPP_Tintay_25	MorphoSpeciesName	Sabiaceae	Meliosma	sp4	PP	850	Meliosma sp4
nPT_Patasa_325	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	sp53	PT	3473	Miconia sp53
nPT_Corana_311	SpeciesName	Apocynaceae	Tassadia	grazielae	PT	1752	Tassadia grazielae
nPT_Fuerte_270	MorphoSpeciesName	Boraginaceae	Cordia	CMG1815	PT	313	Cordia CMG1815
TRU-03	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Fridericia	oligantha	abergPP	470	Fridericia oligantha
nPT_Lambra_434	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Psychotria	venulosa	PT	1241	Psychotria venulosa
nPT_Arroyo_384	MorphoSpeciesName	Urticaceae	Pourouma	sp3	PT	1000	Pourouma sp3
nPT_Ruinas_35	MorphoSpeciesName	Elaeocarpaceae	Sloanea	sp2	PT	425	Sloanea sp2
TRU-06	MorphoSpeciesName	Annonaceae	Guatteria	sp6	abergPP	1601	Guatteria sp6
SPD-01	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	sp57	abergPP	2449	Miconia sp57
nPP_Kañupa_44	SpeciesName	Smilacaceae	Smilax	domingensis	PP	3162	Smilax domingensis
nPT_Arroyo_384	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Coutarea	hexandra	PT	963	Coutarea hexandra
nPT_Santar_422	MorphoSpeciesName	Burseraceae	Protium	sp6	PT	595	Protium sp6
TRU-04	MorphoSpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Alchornea	sp1	abergPP	1601	Alchornea sp1
nPP_Sumpul_34	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Sparattosperma	leucanthum	PP	190	Sparattosperma leucanthum
nPT_Bosque_483	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Endlicheria	chalisea	PT	1588	Endlicheria chalisea
nPT_Camino_95	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Palicourea	mansoana	PT	380	Palicourea mansoana
nPP_Resina_13	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	PCL155	PP	1538	Ocotea PCL155
nPT_Resina_194	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	DC179	PT	1175	Ocotea DC179
nPT_Ribera_74	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Albizia	niopoides	PT	798	Albizia niopoides
nPP_Tocoaq_29	MorphoSpeciesName	Asteraceae	Baccharis	GAT530	PP	2223	Baccharis GAT530
nPT_Santar_419	SpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Serjania	tenuifolia	PT	1347	Serjania tenuifolia
nPP_Chiriu_2	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Machaerium	peruvianum	PP	850	Machaerium peruvianum
nPT_Buenah_209	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Faramea	tamberlikiana	PT	1250	Faramea tamberlikiana
nPT_Calami_206	MorphoSpeciesName	Polygalaceae	Monina	sp1	PT	2623	Monina sp1
nPT_Victop_378	SpeciesName	Piperaceae	Piper	praeacutilimbum	PT	260	Piper praeacutilimbum
nPT_Chaqui_148	SpeciesName	Piperaceae	Piper	orthostachyum	PT	1036	Piper orthostachyum
nPT_Ppmtsu_81	SpeciesName	Menispermaceae	Curarea	tomentocarpa	PT	361	Curarea tomentocarpa
nPT_Cocapu_402	MorphoSpeciesName	Asteraceae	Mikania	GAT1908	PT	1224	Mikania GAT1908
nPT_Alsudd_248	MorphoSpeciesName	Cyclanthaceae	Asplundia	MCM309	PT	1477	Asplundia MCM309
TRU-08	SpeciesName	Rhamnaceae	Ziziphus	cinnamomum	abergPP	340	Ziziphus cinnamomum
nPT_Santaa_345	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Clidemia	ECQ90	PT	2848	Clidemia ECQ90
nPP_Tuichi_4	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Alibertia	edulis	PP	280	Alibertia edulis
ACJ-01	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Senegalia	martiusiana	abergPP	1223	Senegalia martiusiana
nPT_Victop_378	SpeciesName	Apocynaceae	Forsteronia	myriantha	PT	320	Forsteronia myriantha
nPT_Bosque_146	SpeciesName	Vitaceae	Cissus	peruviana	PT	232	Cissus peruviana
TRU-04	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Inga	MJM5131	abergPP	840	Inga MJM5131
nPP_Sanmar_21	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Inga	stenopoda	PP	1070	Inga stenopoda
nPP_Chiriu_2	MorphoSpeciesName	Vochysiaceae	Vochysia	sp5	PP	800	Vochysia sp5
nPP_Fuerte_26	SpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Paullinia	alsmithii	PP	380	Paullinia alsmithii
nPT_Tumupa_17	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Senegalia	fiebrigii	PT	327	Senegalia fiebrigii
nPT_Piara_395	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	GAT2926	PT	1616	Miconia GAT2926
nPP_Charop_47	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Nectandra	sp8	PP	1500	Nectandra sp8
nPT_Cimace_231	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Meriania	AF9436	PT	1993	Meriania AF9436
nPT_Tumupa_16	SpeciesName	Malvaceae	Pachira	aquatica	PT	219	Pachira aquatica
nPT_Corana_312	SpeciesName	Celastraceae	Salacia	elliptica	PT	660	Salacia elliptica
nPT_Wayrap_165	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Alibertia	pilosa	PT	470	Alibertia pilosa
nPT_Paltuy_167	MorphoSpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Pouteria	MJM5633	PT	450	Pouteria MJM5633
WAY-01	MorphoSpeciesName	Annonaceae	Guatteria	sp14	abergPP	2096	Guatteria sp14
nPT_Buenah_213	SpeciesName	Polygalaceae	Acanthocladus	albicans	PT	881	Acanthocladus albicans
nPT_Yariap_8	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	dependens	PT	2272	Miconia dependens
nPT_Tequej_29	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Inga	ingoides	PT	1212	Inga ingoides
nPT_Tapuri_411	SpeciesName	Magnoliaceae	Magnolia	gilbertoi	PT	1500	Magnolia gilbertoi
nPP_Resina_14	MorphoSpeciesName	Monimiaceae	Mollinedia	sp	PP	850	Mollinedia sp
nPP_Jucuma_35	MorphoSpeciesName	Cunoniaceae	Weinmannia	LC4887	PP	3116	Weinmannia LC4887
nPT_Chicoi_170	SpeciesName	Boraginaceae	Cordia	acutifolia	PT	175	Cordia acutifolia
nPT_Culi_359	SpeciesName	Asteraceae	Mutisia	lanata	PT	1970	Mutisia lanata
TRU-06	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Canavalia	MJM6238	abergPP	1045	Canavalia MJM6238
TRU-04	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	sp44	abergPP	1478	Miconia sp44
nPT_Ladera_132	SpeciesName	Loganiaceae	Strychnos	darienensis	PT	435	Strychnos darienensis
nPT_Lianas_67	SpeciesName	Malvaceae	Sterculia	peruviana	PT	1250	Sterculia peruviana
nPT_Chicoi_170	SpeciesName	Campanulaceae	Siphocampylus	ayersiae	PT	2500	Siphocampylus ayersiae
nPT_Chicoi_170	SpeciesName	Arecaceae	Phytelephas	macrocarpa	PT	335	Phytelephas macrocarpa
nPT_Siripi_431	SpeciesName	Piperaceae	Piper	pellitum	PT	280	Piper pellitum
nPT_Tolar2_154	MorphoSpeciesName	Gesneriaceae	Columnea	GAT204	PT	2281	Columnea GAT204
nPT_Cabece_420	SpeciesName	Araliaceae	Oreopanax	weberbaueri	PT	3279	Oreopanax weberbaueri
nPT_Tumupa_18	SpeciesName	Ericaceae	Cavendishia	pubescens	PT	1824	Cavendishia pubescens
nPT_Curcur_79	SpeciesName	Malvaceae	Sterculia	apetala	PT	338	Sterculia apetala
nPP_Yarimi_10	MorphoSpeciesName	Gentianaceae	Macrocarpaea	sp1	PP	2449	Macrocarpaea sp1
nPT_Cocapu_401	MorphoSpeciesName	Malpighiaceae	Mascagnia	MJM7042	PT	660	Mascagnia MJM7042
nPT_Corana_312	SpeciesName	Urticaceae	Cecropia	utcubambana	PT	530	Cecropia utcubambana
nPT_Piara_388	SpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Croton	argyrophyllus	PT	1150	Croton argyrophyllus
SPD-01	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	GAT2941	abergPP	2272	Miconia GAT2941
nPT_Piecer_183	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	sp6	PT	1521	Miconia sp6
nPT_Delarr_253	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Persea	GAT2838	PT	3021	Persea GAT2838
nPT_Santar_419	MorphoSpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Plinia	sp3	PT	1750	Plinia sp3
WAY-01	MorphoSpeciesName	Myristicaceae	Virola	sp1	abergPP	425	Virola sp1
nPT_Lambra_442	MorphoSpeciesName	Urticaceae	Cecropia	sp11	PT	800	Cecropia sp11
nPT_Cocapu_400	SpeciesName	Cannabaceae	Celtis	ehrenbergiana	PT	935	Celtis ehrenbergiana
nPT_Cuchiw_119	SpeciesName	Erythroxylaceae	Erythroxylum	raimondii	PT	1735	Erythroxylum raimondii
nPT_Alilia_41	SpeciesName	Buxaceae	Styloceras	connatum	PT	560	Styloceras connatum
nPT_Ladoca_158	SpeciesName	Ericaceae	Diogenesia	boliviana	PT	2486	Diogenesia boliviana
nPT_Tumupa_19	SpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Allophylus	paniculatus	PT	1532	Allophylus paniculatus
SP-04	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Senegalia	hayesii	abergPT	500	Senegalia hayesii
nPT_Cercaa_235	MorphoSpeciesName	Rosaceae	Hesperomeles	NPZ5792	PT	3407	Hesperomeles NPZ5792
nPP_Santaa_36	MorphoSpeciesName	Pentaphylacaceae	Freziera	sp5	PP	2000	Freziera sp5
nPP_Mamaco_3	SpeciesName	Araliaceae	Schefflera	ruizii	PP	3389	Schefflera ruizii
nPT_Culi_360	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	sp27	PT	2862	Miconia sp27
nPT_Tumupa_14	SpeciesName	Dilleniaceae	Davilla	kunthii	PT	400	Davilla kunthii
nPT_Ultima_232	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Psychotria	santaremica	PT	260	Psychotria santaremica
nPT_Detras_92	SpeciesName	Cucurbitaceae	Fevillea	cordifolia	PT	270	Fevillea cordifolia
CA-06	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Cosmibuena	grandiflora	abergPT	232	Cosmibuena grandiflora
nPT_Piara_387	MorphoSpeciesName	Actinidiaceae	Saurauia	sp3	PT	1750	Saurauia sp3
nPP_Titiri_42	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Dialypetalanthus	fuscescens	PP	420	Dialypetalanthus fuscescens
nPT_Wayrap_162	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Paederia	brasiliensis	PT	2169	Paederia brasiliensis
nPT_Arriba_239	SpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Plukenetia	brachybotrya	PT	530	Plukenetia brachybotrya
nPT_Cimapp_126	SpeciesName	Phyllanthaceae	Hieronyma	glandulosa	PT	2500	Hieronyma glandulosa
nPP_Mamaco_3	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Chimarrhis	sp2	PP	425	Chimarrhis sp2
nPT_Sumpul_301	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Erythrina	edulis	PT	2676	Erythrina edulis
TRU-08	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	coelestis	abergPP	2900	Miconia coelestis
nPT_Santar_422	SpeciesName	Malpighiaceae	Tetrapterys	crispa	PT	203	Tetrapterys crispa
TON-01	SpeciesName	Asteraceae	Barnadesia	corymbosa	abergPP	2045	Barnadesia corymbosa
nPT_Buenah_217	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Psychotria	buchtienii	PT	1400	Psychotria buchtienii
SAI-01	SpeciesName	Ochnaceae	Ouratea	pendula	abergPP	300	Ouratea pendula
TU-06	SpeciesName	Cannabaceae	Lozanella	permollis	abergPT	2169	Lozanella permollis
nPT_Eslabo_156	SpeciesName	Marcgraviaceae	Marcgravia	polyantha	PT	1970	Marcgravia polyantha
nPT_Tintay_258	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Machaerium	kegelii	PT	380	Machaerium kegelii
nPT_Cabece_149	SpeciesName	Asteraceae	Paracalia	pentamera	PT	1386	Paracalia pentamera
nPT_Naranj_111	MorphoSpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Calyptranthes	AAD51	PT	1470	Calyptranthes AAD51
ACJ-01	MorphoSpeciesName	Asteraceae	Mikania	MJM4335	abergPP	530	Mikania MJM4335
nPT_Turnia_118	SpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Pouteria	durlandii	PT	1250	Pouteria durlandii
nPT_Santaa_346	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	leucoxylon	PT	1500	Ocotea leucoxylon
nPT_Incien_264	MorphoSpeciesName	Nyctaginaceae	Neea	ETP298	PT	1408	Neea ETP298
nPT_Santaa_348	SpeciesName	Malvaceae	Theobroma	speciosum	PT	207	Theobroma speciosum
nPP_Resina_12	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Tynanthus	polyanthus	PP	840	Tynanthus polyanthus
nPT_Tanhua_339	SpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Cupania	oblongifolia	PT	1241	Cupania oblongifolia
nPT_Corana_313	SpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Manilkara	bidentata	PT	175	Manilkara bidentata
nPT_Piara_388	SpeciesName	Urticaceae	Coussapoa	crassivenosa	PT	1427	Coussapoa crassivenosa
nPT_Yariap_11	SpeciesName	Myristicaceae	Virola	surinamensis	PT	780	Virola surinamensis
nPP_Lomasa_39	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Psychotria	MCM1245	PP	2718	Psychotria MCM1245
nPT_Delarr_253	SpeciesName	Acanthaceae	Mendoncia	glabra	PT	1790	Mendoncia glabra
nPT_Piecer_183	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	sp61	PT	3350	Miconia sp61
nPP_Chirim_19	SpeciesName	Asteraceae	Pentacalia	brittoniana	PP	1020	Pentacalia brittoniana
nPT_Bosque_116	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Inga	sp18	PT	1601	Inga sp18
nPP_Tocoaq_30	SpeciesName	Malvaceae	Luehea	speciosa	PP	280	Luehea speciosa
nPT_Palca_425	SpeciesName	Malpighiaceae	Banisteriopsis	oxyclada	PT	310	Banisteriopsis oxyclada
nPP_Javill_18	MorphoSpeciesName	Acanthaceae	Aphelandra	MJM4554	PP	535	Aphelandra MJM4554
nPT_Ppmnor_80	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Guettarda	uruguensis	PT	1150	Guettarda uruguensis
nPT_Tamboq_142	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Faramea	LC6412	PT	1242	Faramea LC6412
nPT_Tolal_89	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Callichlamys	latifolia	PT	1036	Callichlamys latifolia
nPT_Santaa_344	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Collaea	speciosa	PT	2987	Collaea speciosa
nPT_Cimach_86	SpeciesName	Loganiaceae	Strychnos	brachiata	PT	1217	Strychnos brachiata
nPT_Buenah_211	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Nectandra	sp60	PT	1250	Nectandra sp60
nPT_Santat_120	MorphoSpeciesName	Salicaceae	Banara	sp1	PT	1250	Banara sp1
nPT_Cocapu_404	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Bauhinia	sp2	PT	850	Bauhinia sp2
TRU-06	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	sp4	abergPP	2000	Ocotea sp4
nPT_Tequej_24	SpeciesName	Caryocaraceae	Anthodiscus	peruanus	PT	800	Anthodiscus peruanus
nPT_Chaka1_367	MorphoSpeciesName	Asteraceae	Pentacalia	sp8	PT	3385	Pentacalia sp8
nPP_Resina_14	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Piptadenia	MJM6801	PP	260	Piptadenia MJM6801
nPT_Yariap_7	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Schnella	JRU153	PT	1326	Schnella JRU153
nPT_Santia_415	SpeciesName	Caricaceae	Jacaratia	spinosa	PT	225	Jacaratia spinosa
nPT_Chicoi_170	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Pleonotoma	melioides	PT	735	Pleonotoma melioides
nPT_Karapa_269	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	sp26	PT	1500	Miconia sp26
WAY-01	SpeciesName	Cunoniaceae	Weinmannia	nebularum	abergPP	2872	Weinmannia nebularum
nPT_Siripi_430	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Amphilophium	crucigerum	PT	991	Amphilophium crucigerum
nPT_Bosque_480	SpeciesName	Elaeocarpaceae	Sloanea	meianthera	PT	595	Sloanea meianthera
nPT_Piara_392	SpeciesName	Lecythidaceae	Eschweilera	baguensis	PT	1500	Eschweilera baguensis
nPP_Resina_13	SpeciesName	Elaeocarpaceae	Sloanea	spathulata	PP	360	Sloanea spathulata
nPP_Huanec_20	SpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Pouteria	surumuensis	PP	1598	Pouteria surumuensis
nPT_Loma_72	SpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Thinouia	myriantha	PT	535	Thinouia myriantha
nPT_Bosque_146	SpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Chrysophyllum	manaosense	PT	595	Chrysophyllum manaosense
nPP_Hondo_1	SpeciesName	Styracaceae	Styrax	vilcabambae	PP	3000	Styrax vilcabambae
nPP_Sumpul_34	SpeciesName	Ochnaceae	Quiina	amazonica	PP	1000	Quiina amazonica
nPT_Tapuri_413	SpeciesName	Aquifoliaceae	Ilex	guayusa	PT	2500	Ilex guayusa
nPT_Laaltu_62	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Mouriri	LC4151A	PT	1150	Mouriri LC4151A
nPT_Bajopp_179	SpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Calyptranthes	crebra	PT	435	Calyptranthes crebra
nPT_Laurel_426	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Inga	cinnamomea	PT	767	Inga cinnamomea
nPP_Buenah_17	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	PCL106	PP	1519	Miconia PCL106
nPT_Detras_177	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	sp4	PT	1000	Miconia sp4
nPT_Siripi_432	SpeciesName	Polygalaceae	Securidaca	coriacea	PT	225	Securidaca coriacea
nPT_Chicoi_169	MorphoSpeciesName	Moraceae	Ficus	BNA218	PT	219	Ficus BNA218
nPT_Mutune_236	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Rudgea	HCC33	PT	335	Rudgea HCC33
nPT_Bosque_113	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Nectandra	LC2021	PT	660	Nectandra LC2021
nPT_Corana_312	SpeciesName	Rutaceae	Esenbeckia	amazonica	PT	840	Esenbeckia amazonica
nPP_Fuerte_27	SpeciesName	Primulaceae	Stylogyne	micrantha	PP	390	Stylogyne micrantha
nPT_Santar_418	MorphoSpeciesName	Symplocaceae	Symplocos	ALM260	PT	2179	Symplocos ALM260
nPT_Corana_311	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	myriantha	PT	940	Miconia myriantha
nPT_Sumpul_300	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Ferdinandusa	loretensis	PT	595	Ferdinandusa loretensis
ACJ-01	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Meriania	cuzcoana	abergPP	2500	Meriania cuzcoana
nPT_Tamboq_139	SpeciesName	Burseraceae	Protium	cuneatum	PT	2245	Protium cuneatum
nPT_Tanhua_343	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Palicourea	attenuata	PT	2139	Palicourea attenuata
nPT_Cocapu_401	SpeciesName	Burseraceae	Protium	tenuifolium	PT	425	Protium tenuifolium
nPT_Santaa_348	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Bertiera	guianensis	PT	380	Bertiera guianensis
nPT_Detras_92	MorphoSpeciesName	Asteraceae	Mikania	MCM1496	PT	1519	Mikania MCM1496
nPT_Atawar_110	SpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Pouteria	sagotiana	PT	595	Pouteria sagotiana
nPT_Apache_364	SpeciesName	Achariaceae	Lindackeria	paludosa	PT	425	Lindackeria paludosa
nPP_Lomaka_40	SpeciesName	Anacardiaceae	Mauria	subserrata	PP	2188	Mauria subserrata
TRU-03	SpeciesName	Urticaceae	Urera	verrucosa	abergPP	1223	Urera verrucosa
nPT_Rumi_424	SpeciesName	Rosaceae	Prunus	williamsii	PT	1459	Prunus williamsii
nPT_Sumpul_304	SpeciesName	Podocarpaceae	Retrophyllum	rospigliosii	PT	1750	Retrophyllum rospigliosii
SPD-01	MorphoSpeciesName	Araliaceae	Oreopanax	sp3	abergPP	1500	Oreopanax sp3
nPP_Tintay_24	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Guettarda	ETP189A	PP	1250	Guettarda ETP189A
nPT_Yariap_9	MorphoSpeciesName	Asteraceae	Pentacalia	GAT2538	PT	3061	Pentacalia GAT2538
nPT_Yuyo_155	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Bignonia	binata	PT	580	Bignonia binata
nPT_Codoso_369	SpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Myrcia	egensis	PT	1500	Myrcia egensis
nPT_Culi_357	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	terborghii	PT	2750	Miconia terborghii
nPT_Lambra_437	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Pleurothyrium	sp1	PT	1521	Pleurothyrium sp1
TON-01	SpeciesName	Annonaceae	Guatteria	sanctae-crucis	abergPP	1242	Guatteria sanctae-crucis
nPT_Laaltu_61	MorphoSpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Allophylus	RSS19	PT	1715	Allophylus RSS19
nPP_Fuerte_26	MorphoSpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Calyptranthes	MJM5371	PP	820	Calyptranthes MJM5371
nPT_Cimaar_230	SpeciesName	Chrysobalanaceae	Hirtella	macrophylla	PT	595	Hirtella macrophylla
nPP_Tuichi_4	MorphoSpeciesName	Nyctaginaceae	Neea	sp2	PP	425	Neea sp2
nPP_Yarimi_10	SpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Paullinia	laeta	PP	905	Paullinia laeta
nPT_Sendae_371	MorphoSpeciesName	Solanaceae	Solanum	GAT433	PT	2196	Solanum GAT433
nPP_Tintay_25	SpeciesName	Asteraceae	Ayapanopsis	beckii	PP	2228	Ayapanopsis beckii
TRU-04	SpeciesName	Rutaceae	Zanthoxylum	huberi	abergPP	1855	Zanthoxylum huberi
nPT_Resina_191	SpeciesName	Caprifoliaceae	Viburnum	helskii	PT	1970	Viburnum helskii
nPT_Pampay_178	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Chomelia	malaneoides	PT	320	Chomelia malaneoides
CAL-01	MorphoSpeciesName	Chrysobalanaceae	Couepia	sp1	abergPP	850	Couepia sp1
nPT_Arriba_240	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Enterolobium	sp1	PT	850	Enterolobium sp1
nPP_Lomaka_40	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Blakea	sp2	PP	1601	Blakea sp2
nPP_Tapuri_46	SpeciesName	Bixaceae	Cochlospermum	orinocense	PP	190	Cochlospermum orinocense
nPT_Bosque_113	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Hillia	killipii	PT	1242	Hillia killipii
nPT_Patasa_325	SpeciesName	Asteraceae	Oyedaea	rusbyi	PT	1947	Oyedaea rusbyi
nPT_Aguapo_50	SpeciesName	Malvaceae	Matisia	cordata	PT	450	Matisia cordata
nPP_Fuerte_27	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Swartzia	LC6193	PP	1054	Swartzia LC6193
nPT_Infier_478	MorphoSpeciesName	Asteraceae	Llerasia	LC3530	PT	3393	Llerasia LC3530
nPT_Copal_91	MorphoSpeciesName	Malvaceae	Abutilon	GAT3223	PT	2203	Abutilon GAT3223
nPP_Mamaco_3	SpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Myrcia	neesiana	PP	455	Myrcia neesiana
SPD-01	SpeciesName	Moraceae	Helicostylis	elegans	abergPP	850	Helicostylis elegans
nPT_Tolar1_153	SpeciesName	Malpighiaceae	Diplopterys	longialata	PT	209	Diplopterys longialata
nPT_Piñapi_152	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	subcordata	PT	2500	Ocotea subcordata
TRU-02	MorphoSpeciesName	Violaceae	Paypayrola	LC535	abergPP	424	Paypayrola LC535
SP-02	MorphoSpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Serjania	FCM144	abergPT	818	Serjania FCM144
nPP_Mamaco_3	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Faramea	sp3	PP	1601	Faramea sp3
CA-10	SpeciesName	Clusiaceae	Vismia	glaziovii	abergPT	1478	Vismia glaziovii
nPT_Resina_191	MorphoSpeciesName	Polygalaceae	Monina	sp5	PT	3625	Monina sp5
nPT_Tamboq_143	MorphoSpeciesName	Salicaceae	Casearia	LC3349	PT	1804	Casearia LC3349
nPT_Chiriu_76	MorphoSpeciesName	Malpighiaceae	Heteropterys	NPZ5650	PT	1790	Heteropterys NPZ5650
nPP_Mamaco_3	MorphoSpeciesName	Menispermaceae	Odontocarya	GAT1653	PP	1493	Odontocarya GAT1653
nPP_Tanhua_37	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Nectandra	sp7	PP	1250	Nectandra sp7
nPP_Sanmar_22	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Amaioua	corymbosa	PP	850	Amaioua corymbosa
nPP_Lechem_49	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Tachigali	sp5	PP	425	Tachigali sp5
nPT_Corana_310	SpeciesName	Piperaceae	Piper	acutifolium	PT	2762	Piper acutifolium
nPT_Resina_197	MorphoSpeciesName	Polygalaceae	Monnina	FB437	PT	3450	Monnina FB437
nPT_Wayrap_163	SpeciesName	Chrysobalanaceae	Couepia	obovata	PT	595	Couepia obovata
nPT_Limonu_176	MorphoSpeciesName	Burseraceae	Protium	sp5	PT	425	Protium sp5
nPT_Arroyo_85	SpeciesName	Asteraceae	Lepidaploa	solomonii	PT	2179	Lepidaploa solomonii
nPT_Tequej_29	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Psychotria	capitata	PT	1072	Psychotria capitata
nPT_Culi_357	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Lonchocarpus	sericophyllus	PT	260	Lonchocarpus sericophyllus
nPT_Meseta_46	SpeciesName	Araliaceae	Schefflera	morototoni	PT	1250	Schefflera morototoni
nPT_Tintay_250	SpeciesName	Dichapetalaceae	Tapura	peruviana	PT	1250	Tapura peruviana
nPT_Alfren_64	MorphoSpeciesName	Ericaceae	Gaultheria	sp3	PT	3350	Gaultheria sp3
nPT_Chaqui_192	MorphoSpeciesName	Sabiaceae	Meliosma	ILR1830	PT	2729	Meliosma ILR1830
nPP_Lechem_49	MorphoSpeciesName	Erythroxylaceae	Erythroxylum	MJM5069	PP	840	Erythroxylum MJM5069
nPP_Chalal_6	MorphoSpeciesName	Araliaceae	Schefflera	sp3	PP	425	Schefflera sp3
nPT_Cocapu_397	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Alibertia	MCT72	PT	470	Alibertia MCT72
nPT_Encuen_47	SpeciesName	Loganiaceae	Strychnos	poeppigii	PT	1124	Strychnos poeppigii
nPT_Patasa_325	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Coussarea	klugii	PT	1250	Coussarea klugii
nPP_Terraz_41	SpeciesName	Urticaceae	Urera	simplex	PP	1250	Urera simplex
nPT_Culi_356	MorphoSpeciesName	Rosaceae	Prunus	ILR482	PT	1450	Prunus ILR482
nPT_Wayrap_166	MorphoSpeciesName	Polygalaceae	Monnina	LC3598	PT	3393	Monnina LC3598
nPT_Victop_372	SpeciesName	Ochnaceae	Ouratea	werdermannii	PT	470	Ouratea werdermannii
nPT_Bosque_481	SpeciesName	Moraceae	Naucleopsis	ulei	PT	425	Naucleopsis ulei
nPP_Pintat_5	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Endlicheria	AF17634	PP	1890	Endlicheria AF17634
nPT_Sumpul_297	MorphoSpeciesName	Cunoniaceae	Weinmannia	AF19282	PT	2697	Weinmannia AF19282
nPT_Tumupa_19	SpeciesName	Dichapetalaceae	Dichapetalum	spruceanum	PT	420	Dichapetalum spruceanum
nPT_Infier_479	MorphoSpeciesName	Boraginaceae	Cordia	GAT3169	PT	2031	Cordia GAT3169
nPT_Buenah_212	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	GAT2322	PT	2821	Miconia GAT2322
nPP_Lomaka_40	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Tachigali	macbridei	PP	800	Tachigali macbridei
nPT_Tolar2_154	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Lonchocarpus	sp2	PT	1250	Lonchocarpus sp2
nPT_Arriba_241	MorphoSpeciesName	Clusiaceae	Clusia	sp14	PT	2286	Clusia sp14
nPT_Sumpul_307	MorphoSpeciesName	Nyctaginaceae	Neea	ILR100	PT	1248	Neea ILR100
nPP_Tocoaq_30	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Joosia	sericea	PP	1242	Joosia sericea
nPT_Victop_377	MorphoSpeciesName	Malpighiaceae	Banisteriopsis	LC754	PT	313	Banisteriopsis LC754
nPT_Cabece_255	SpeciesName	Asteraceae	Gynoxys	compressissima	PT	3765	Gynoxys compressissima
nPP_Tintay_24	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Ferdinandusa	sp1	PP	800	Ferdinandusa sp1
nPT_Frente_414	SpeciesName	Malpighiaceae	Hiraea	fagifolia	PT	320	Hiraea fagifolia
nPP_Chiriu_2	SpeciesName	Asteraceae	Mikania	urticifolia	PP	2199	Mikania urticifolia
SPD-02	MorphoSpeciesName	Asteraceae	Dendrophorbium	GAT197	abergPP	2419	Dendrophorbium GAT197
nPT_Cocapu_404	SpeciesName	Arecaceae	Bactris	acanthocarpa	PT	1341	Bactris acanthocarpa
nPT_Alfren_64	SpeciesName	Cunoniaceae	Weinmannia	cundinamarcensis	PT	2272	Weinmannia cundinamarcensis
nPT_Tolar1_153	SpeciesName	Passifloraceae	Passiflora	dalechampioides	PT	2179	Passiflora dalechampioides
nPP_Sanmar_23	SpeciesName	Humiriaceae	Humiriastrum	mapiriense	PP	1334	Humiriastrum mapiriense
TRU-03	SpeciesName	Elaeocarpaceae	Sloanea	brevipes	abergPP	595	Sloanea brevipes
nPT_Santia_415	SpeciesName	Ochnaceae	Cespedesia	spathulata	PT	1347	Cespedesia spathulata
nPT_Aguapo_54	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Tachigali	bracteosa	PT	425	Tachigali bracteosa
nPT_Bejucal_45	MorphoSpeciesName	Urticaceae	Cecropia	sp2	PT	425	Cecropia sp2
nPT_Ruinas_36	MorphoSpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Pouteria	sp6	PT	1250	Pouteria sp6
nPT_Tolal_89	SpeciesName	Asteraceae	Mikania	psilostachya	PT	2179	Mikania psilostachya
nPP_Pintat_5	SpeciesName	Solanaceae	Solanum	mapiricum	PP	1972	Solanum mapiricum
nPT_Fuerte_271	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	GAT234	PT	2680	Miconia GAT234
TU-01	MorphoSpeciesName	Moraceae	Ficus	SPS177	abergPT	1150	Ficus SPS177
nPT_Lalomi_59	SpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Myrcianthes	pseudomato	PT	1750	Myrcianthes pseudomato
nPT_Tintay_258	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Inga	sp7	PT	1000	Inga sp7
SPD-02	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	MJM4817	abergPP	820	Miconia MJM4817
nPP_Javill_18	MorphoSpeciesName	Cyatheaceae	Cyathea	sp12	PP	2250	Cyathea sp12
nPT_Wayrap_164	MorphoSpeciesName	Putranjivaceae	Drypetes	sp1	PT	425	Drypetes sp1
nPT_Campam_238	SpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Serjania	meridionalis	PT	835	Serjania meridionalis
nPP_Lomasa_39	SpeciesName	Siparunaceae	Siparuna	cuspidata	PP	400	Siparuna cuspidata
nPT_Cuchiw_119	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Persea	sp8	PT	1750	Persea sp8
nPT_Ppmnor_99	MorphoSpeciesName	Urticaceae	Pourouma	sp5	PT	425	Pourouma sp5
nPP_Fuerte_27	MorphoSpeciesName	Clethraceae	Clethra	sp2	PP	2900	Clethra sp2
SP-03	SpeciesName	Lamiaceae	Aegiphila	ulei	abergPT	330	Aegiphila ulei
nPT_Culi_355	SpeciesName	Primulaceae	Clavija	tarapotana	PT	1217	Clavija tarapotana
nPT_Tumupa_22	SpeciesName	Solanaceae	Solanum	circinatum	PT	1521	Solanum circinatum
nPT_Cimaar_230	MorphoSpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Pouteria	BNA767	PT	189	Pouteria BNA767
nPT_Victop_372	SpeciesName	Malvaceae	Herrania	nycterodendron	PT	225	Herrania nycterodendron
TRU-08	SpeciesName	Elaeocarpaceae	Sloanea	fragans	abergPP	1478	Sloanea fragans
SP-04	SpeciesName	Celastraceae	Maytenus	macrocarpa	abergPT	1250	Maytenus macrocarpa
nPP_Chalal_6	SpeciesName	Meliaceae	Ruagea	subviridifolia	PP	2110	Ruagea subviridifolia
nPT_Bosque_116	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Palicourea	pervicax	PT	925	Palicourea pervicax
nPT_Jaukan_219	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Inga	velutina	PT	1518	Inga velutina
nPT_Cocapu_400	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Joosia	umbellifera	PT	1500	Joosia umbellifera
nPP_Waturu_43	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Psychotria	sp9	PP	1000	Psychotria sp9
nPT_Ppmtsu_81	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	GAT964	PT	1447	Ocotea GAT964
nPT_Tumupa_19	MorphoSpeciesName	Solanaceae	Solanum	GAT162	PT	2199	Solanum GAT162
nPP_Buenah_16	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Alibertia	bertierifolia	PP	1500	Alibertia bertierifolia
nPT_Lahoya_370	MorphoSpeciesName	Urticaceae	Pourouma	sp6	PT	425	Pourouma sp6
nPT_Despue_65	SpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Micropholis	venulosa	PT	1000	Micropholis venulosa
nPT_Tequej_25	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Loreya	sp1	PT	1521	Loreya sp1
nPP_Titiri_42	MorphoSpeciesName	Annonaceae	Guatteria	sp16	PP	2500	Guatteria sp16
CA-06	SpeciesName	Moraceae	Ficus	banosensis	abergPT	1900	Ficus banosensis
SAI-01	MorphoSpeciesName	Solanaceae	Solanum	GAT3069	abergPP	2179	Solanum GAT3069
nPT_Catara_327	MorphoSpeciesName	Salicaceae	Casearia	AF4263	PT	1096	Casearia AF4263
nPT_Sumpul_305	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Dalbergia	gracilis	PT	175	Dalbergia gracilis
nPT_Lambra_435	MorphoSpeciesName	Asteraceae	Baccharis	AF11770	PT	1790	Baccharis AF11770
nPT_Palmar_161	SpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Paullinia	cuneata	PT	209	Paullinia cuneata
nPT_Piara_388	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Machaerium	multifoliolatum	PT	950	Machaerium multifoliolatum
nPT_Cocapu_402	SpeciesName	Menispermaceae	Abuta	rufescens	PT	1334	Abuta rufescens
nPT_Almedr_101	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Swartzia	oraria	PT	850	Swartzia oraria
nPT_Cerrad_150	SpeciesName	Malpighiaceae	Heteropterys	laurifolia	PT	1223	Heteropterys laurifolia
nPT_Cocapu_401	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	sp22	PT	1500	Ocotea sp22
nPP_Lechem_50	SpeciesName	Clusiaceae	Clusia	amazonica	PP	1469	Clusia amazonica
nPT_Palmit_144	MorphoSpeciesName	Piperaceae	Piper	AF17199	PT	1491	Piper AF17199
nPP_Chaqui_32	SpeciesName	Piperaceae	Piper	villosissimum	PP	1297	Piper villosissimum
nPT_Tumupa_18	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	GAT3200	PT	2203	Ocotea GAT3200
nPT_Infier_476	MorphoSpeciesName	Piperaceae	Piper	GAT2253	PT	1299	Piper GAT2253
nPT_Tumupa_22	MorphoSpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Myrcia	sp15	PT	1500	Myrcia sp15
nPT_Ladera_132	SpeciesName	Boraginaceae	Cordia	panamensis	PT	1500	Cordia panamensis
nPT_Bosque_114	MorphoSpeciesName	Asteraceae	Gynoxys	sp9	PT	3476	Gynoxys sp9
nPT_Buenah_213	MorphoSpeciesName	Asteraceae	Gynoxys	sp2	PT	3389	Gynoxys sp2
nPT_Copalu_273	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	MJM5978	PT	455	Miconia MJM5978
nPT_Cocapu_399	MorphoSpeciesName	Arecaceae	Geonoma	sp5	PT	2676	Geonoma sp5
nPT_Santaa_349	MorphoSpeciesName	Symplocaceae	Symplocos	sp8	PT	2500	Symplocos sp8
nPP_Tanhua_37	SpeciesName	Annonaceae	Xylopia	benthamii	PP	1247	Xylopia benthamii
SP-04	SpeciesName	Cucurbitaceae	Gurania	lobata	abergPT	892	Gurania lobata
nPT_Laguna_38	MorphoSpeciesName	Urticaceae	Urera	ILR1252	PT	1972	Urera ILR1252
nPT_Tumupa_18	SpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Talisia	retusa	PT	945	Talisia retusa
nPT_Wayrap_163	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Persea	brevipes	PT	1800	Persea brevipes
nPT_Cochay_205	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Endlicheria	dysodantha	PT	1970	Endlicheria dysodantha
nPP_Charop_47	MorphoSpeciesName	Piperaceae	Piper	MJM4934	PP	810	Piper MJM4934
nPT_Piara_393	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Pentagonia	sp1	PT	425	Pentagonia sp1
PI-01	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Licaria	cannella	abergPT	800	Licaria cannella
nPP_Santaa_36	MorphoSpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Myrcia	sp7	PP	1521	Myrcia sp7
nPP_Tanhua_38	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	MCM1469	PP	1522	Miconia MCM1469
TRU-05	SpeciesName	Rosaceae	Hesperomeles	obtusifolia	abergPP	3103	Hesperomeles obtusifolia
nPT_Victop_377	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Dalbergia	riparia	PT	1197	Dalbergia riparia
nPT_Santaa_345	SpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Paullinia	dasygonia	PT	1241	Paullinia dasygonia
nPT_Panteo_202	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Persea	sp7	PT	1250	Persea sp7
nPT_Lambra_441	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	sp62	PT	2245	Miconia sp62
nPP_Tocoaq_28	SpeciesName	Polygalaceae	Monina	connectisepala	PP	2900	Monina connectisepala
nPT_Copalu_273	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Swartzia	simplex	PT	1347	Swartzia simplex
nPT_Orilla_130	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	sp11	PT	1500	Ocotea sp11
nPP_Sumpul_33	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Inga	pezizifera	PP	1500	Inga pezizifera
nPT_Palca_425	MorphoSpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Calyptranthes	AM3616	PT	2400	Calyptranthes AM3616
nPT_Jurita_381	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Piptadenia	peruviana	PT	724	Piptadenia peruviana
nPT_Copal_91	SpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Glycydendron	amazonicum	PT	1045	Glycydendron amazonicum
nPP_Pintat_5	SpeciesName	Malvaceae	Apeiba	tibourbou	PP	500	Apeiba tibourbou
nPT_Yuyo_155	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Persea	sp11	PT	595	Persea sp11
TRU-07	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	sp23	abergPP	1500	Miconia sp23
nPP_Sanmar_21	MorphoSpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Myrcia	FB262	PP	1890	Myrcia FB262
nPT_Lalomi_59	SpeciesName	Asteraceae	Dendrophorbium	cabrerae	PT	2955	Dendrophorbium cabrerae
nPT_Pampay_178	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Persea	sp9	PT	3000	Persea sp9
nPT_Cocapu_400	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Nectandra	HCC129	PT	365	Nectandra HCC129
PAN-02	SpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Siphoneugena	dussii	abergPP	1800	Siphoneugena dussii
nPT_Yariap_1	MorphoSpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Eugenia	LC6317	PT	1242	Eugenia LC6317
nPT_Culi_357	SpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Pouteria	lucumifolia	PT	1408	Pouteria lucumifolia
nPP_Hondo_1	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	solomonii	PP	1766	Ocotea solomonii
nPT_Infier_473	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Psychotria	CMG2814	PT	1532	Psychotria CMG2814
nPT_Piara_388	SpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Paullinia	brentberlinii	PT	1239	Paullinia brentberlinii
nPT_Santaa_345	MorphoSpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Toulicia	RS8440	PT	400	Toulicia RS8440
CAL-01	SpeciesName	Moraceae	Ficus	tovarensis	abergPP	1250	Ficus tovarensis
nPT_Sanmig_181	SpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Toulicia	reticulata	PT	595	Toulicia reticulata
nPP_Tocoaq_30	MorphoSpeciesName	Sabiaceae	Meliosma	sp5	PP	2500	Meliosma sp5
nPT_Pucara_227	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Inga	cordatoalata	PT	425	Inga cordatoalata
nPT_Solida_97	MorphoSpeciesName	Piperaceae	Piper	sp11	PT	1478	Piper sp11
TU-02	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Aniba	sp	abergPT	2890	Aniba sp
nPT_Wayrap_166	SpeciesName	Erythroxylaceae	Erythroxylum	patens	PT	850	Erythroxylum patens
nPT_Pichan_234	SpeciesName	Sabiaceae	Meliosma	vasquezii	PT	1800	Meliosma vasquezii
nPT_Santar_419	SpeciesName	Asteraceae	Moquiniastrum	bolivianum	PT	2200	Moquiniastrum bolivianum
nPT_Cerros_182	MorphoSpeciesName	Asteraceae	Senecio	sp5	PT	3627	Senecio sp5
ESP-01	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Stizophyllum	inaequilaterum	abergPP	515	Stizophyllum inaequilaterum
nPT_Lambra_437	SpeciesName	Siparunaceae	Siparuna	sessiliflora	PT	1430	Siparuna sessiliflora
nPP_Tanhua_38	MorphoSpeciesName	Araliaceae	Oreopanax	sp6	PP	1478	Oreopanax sp6
nPT_Resina_191	MorphoSpeciesName	Meliaceae	Cedrela	ETP315	PT	1450	Cedrela ETP315
nPT_Cimaas_125	SpeciesName	Acanthaceae	Aphelandra	glabrata	PT	858	Aphelandra glabrata
nPT_Telara_133	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Nectandra	sp10	PT	2500	Nectandra sp10
nPT_Victop_376	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Persea	GAT1675	PT	1493	Persea GAT1675
nPP_Chiriu_2	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Piptadenia	pteroclada	PP	850	Piptadenia pteroclada
nPT_Sanroq_228	SpeciesName	Marcgraviaceae	Marcgravia	oblongifolia	PT	1239	Marcgravia oblongifolia
nPT_Resina_197	SpeciesName	Styracaceae	Styrax	sieberi	PT	660	Styrax sieberi
nPT_Victop_373	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Abarema	sp	PT	2000	Abarema sp
RE-01	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	stelligera	abergPT	1800	Miconia stelligera
nPT_Codo_368	MorphoSpeciesName	Annonaceae	Guatteria	sp1	PT	800	Guatteria sp1
nPT_Ajusuc_168	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Parkia	pendula	PT	190	Parkia pendula
nPP_Santaa_36	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Alibertia	RVH775	PP	1321	Alibertia RVH775
nPT_Yariap_5	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	sp46	PT	800	Miconia sp46
nPT_Tapuri_408	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	sp51	PT	2862	Miconia sp51
nPP_Collpa_48	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	monzonensis	PP	1408	Ocotea monzonensis
TRU-06	SpeciesName	Rutaceae	Galipea	ramiflora	abergPP	300	Galipea ramiflora
nPT_Palmar_108	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Ixora	HCC155	PT	337	Ixora HCC155
nPT_Piara_387	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Psychotria	deflexa	PT	1532	Psychotria deflexa
nPP_Chaqui_32	MorphoSpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Paullinia	CMG1699	PP	400	Paullinia CMG1699
nPT_Ruinas_36	MorphoSpeciesName	Thymelaeaceae	Daphnopsis	HAG70756	PT	455	Daphnopsis HAG70756
nPP_Lomasa_39	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	sp40	PP	3000	Miconia sp40
nPT_Ultima_232	SpeciesName	Meliaceae	Trichilia	maynasiana	PT	270	Trichilia maynasiana
nPT_Ppmsur_98	MorphoSpeciesName	Malpighiaceae	Mascagnia	MJM6934	PT	320	Mascagnia MJM6934
nPT_Santaa_351	MorphoSpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Marlierea	LC620	PT	360	Marlierea LC620
nPT_Pino_262	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	affinis	PT	1750	Miconia affinis
nPT_Bibosi_42	SpeciesName	Solanaceae	Cestrum	conglomeratum	PT	2500	Cestrum conglomeratum
nPT_Tapuri_408	SpeciesName	Caryocaraceae	Caryocar	glabrum	PT	800	Caryocar glabrum
nPP_Tintay_25	SpeciesName	Burseraceae	Protium	plagiocarpium	PP	800	Protium plagiocarpium
SAI-02	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Tachigali	formicarum	abergPP	190	Tachigali formicarum
nPT_Tumupa_13	SpeciesName	Polygonaceae	Coccoloba	longipes	PT	400	Coccoloba longipes
nPT_Tapuri_411	MorphoSpeciesName	Asteraceae	Mikania	GAT1548	PT	1531	Mikania GAT1548
nPT_Lechem_427	SpeciesName	Dilleniaceae	Doliocarpus	magnificus	PT	215	Doliocarpus magnificus
nPP_Charop_47	MorphoSpeciesName	Menispermaceae	Telitoxicum	sp	PP	850	Telitoxicum sp
nPT_Buenah_213	MorphoSpeciesName	Moraceae	Naucleopsis	sp1	PT	800	Naucleopsis sp1
nPT_Detras_69	MorphoSpeciesName	Araliaceae	Oreopanax	sp8	PT	3473	Oreopanax sp8
nPT_Cocapu_401	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Randia	ILR80	PT	1248	Randia ILR80
nPT_Cocapu_403	SpeciesName	Proteaceae	Roupala	cordifolia	PT	1890	Roupala cordifolia
nPT_Tequej_28	MorphoSpeciesName	Hydrangeaceae	Hydrangea	GAT1405	PT	1341	Hydrangea GAT1405
nPP_Fuerte_26	SpeciesName	Malpighiaceae	Heteropterys	krapovickasii	PP	1045	Heteropterys krapovickasii
TRU-07	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Poincianella	pluviosa	abergPP	360	Poincianella pluviosa
nPT_Tapuri_408	SpeciesName	Cyatheaceae	Cyathea	meridensis	PT	2250	Cyathea meridensis
nPT_Resina_193	SpeciesName	Solanaceae	Solanum	hartwegii	PT	2449	Solanum hartwegii
nPT_Bosque_484	SpeciesName	Marcgraviaceae	Souroubea	guianensis	PT	1054	Souroubea guianensis
nPT_Frente_414	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	sp45	PT	2862	Miconia sp45
nPP_Lomasa_39	SpeciesName	Brunelliaceae	Brunellia	dichapetaloides	PP	1522	Brunellia dichapetaloides
nPT_Piecer_183	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Senna	MJM6922	PT	349	Senna MJM6922
ACJ-01	MorphoSpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Acalypha	BNA161	abergPP	241	Acalypha BNA161
nPP_Waturu_43	MorphoSpeciesName	Solanaceae	Cestrum	MJM4560	PP	535	Cestrum MJM4560
nPT_Ruinas_30	MorphoSpeciesName	Aquifoliaceae	Ilex	sp3	PT	2623	Ilex sp3
nPT_Cerro1_83	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	LC6203	PT	1054	Ocotea LC6203
nPT_Ajusuc_168	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	cuneifolia	PT	1250	Ocotea cuneifolia
TON-01	MorphoSpeciesName	Nyctaginaceae	Neea	sp1	abergPP	850	Neea sp1
nPP_Chiriu_2	MorphoSpeciesName	Chrysobalanaceae	Hirtella	LC6215	PP	1054	Hirtella LC6215
nPT_Corana_312	MorphoSpeciesName	Cyatheaceae	Cyathea	sp1	PT	1970	Cyathea sp1
nPP_Jucuma_35	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Cryptocarya	aschersoniana	PP	1521	Cryptocarya aschersoniana
nPT_Pucara_227	SpeciesName	Campanulaceae	Siphocampylus	membranaceus	PT	1367	Siphocampylus membranaceus
nPT_Encuen_220	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	sp15	PT	1500	Ocotea sp15
nPT_Buenah_214	SpeciesName	Lamiaceae	Aegiphila	integrifolia	PT	1250	Aegiphila integrifolia
nPT_Resina_191	SpeciesName	Asteraceae	Gynoxys	repanda	PT	3521	Gynoxys repanda
nPT_Corana_312	SpeciesName	Asteraceae	Oyedaea	boliviana	PT	2762	Oyedaea boliviana
nPP_Pintat_5	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	MCM201	PP	1498	Miconia MCM201
nPT_Santar_419	MorphoSpeciesName	Chrysobalanaceae	Licania	MJM5498	PT	925	Licania MJM5498
nPP_Sumpul_33	SpeciesName	Salicaceae	Casearia	fasciculata	PP	1500	Casearia fasciculata
nPT_Altosc_216	SpeciesName	Lacistemataceae	Lacistema	nena	PT	1000	Lacistema nena
nPT_Cimapp_126	SpeciesName	Polygalaceae	Securidaca	warmingiana	PT	1447	Securidaca warmingiana
nPP_Sumpul_33	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Piptadenia	cuzcoensis	PP	595	Piptadenia cuzcoensis
nPT_Tapuri_407	MorphoSpeciesName	Olacaceae	Heisteria	sp	PT	1250	Heisteria sp
nPT_Tamboq_143	MorphoSpeciesName	Solanaceae	Solanum	sp12	PT	3627	Solanum sp12
nPT_Santaa_345	MorphoSpeciesName	Malpighiaceae	Bunchosia	sp	PT	1250	Bunchosia sp
nPP_Buenah_16	MorphoSpeciesName	Asteraceae	Mikania	LC2920	PP	1656	Mikania LC2920
nPT_Arriba_241	SpeciesName	Piperaceae	Piper	pubiovarium	PT	2680	Piper pubiovarium
nPT_Resina_198	MorphoSpeciesName	Marcgraviaceae	Marcgravia	sp1	PT	2449	Marcgravia sp1
nPT_Podoca_386	MorphoSpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Pouteria	MVH1	PT	2570	Pouteria MVH1
nPT_Chaqui_192	SpeciesName	Campanulaceae	Siphocampylus	angustiflorus	PT	3076	Siphocampylus angustiflorus
nPT_Tamboq_142	SpeciesName	Aquifoliaceae	Ilex	gotardensis	PT	3376	Ilex gotardensis
nPT_Sumpul_298	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	sp7	PT	1478	Miconia sp7
nPP_Yarimi_11	MorphoSpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Eugenia	SPS11	PP	835	Eugenia SPS11
nPT_Bosque_114	MorphoSpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Calyptranthes	FB341	PT	1910	Calyptranthes FB341
nPT_Ruinas_75	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Psychotria	gracilenta	PT	1515	Psychotria gracilenta
nPT_Sendac_90	MorphoSpeciesName	Asteraceae	Lepidaploa	LC331	PT	1819	Lepidaploa LC331
nPT_Ppmcen_107	MorphoSpeciesName	Rosaceae	Prunus	sp6	PT	1500	Prunus sp6
nPT_Pucara_227	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Andira	CMG1846	PT	300	Andira CMG1846
nPT_Tolal_89	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Calycophyllum	spruceanum	PT	384	Calycophyllum spruceanum
nPT_Arriba_239	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Nectandra	sp1	PT	1500	Nectandra sp1
nPT_Arriba_249	MorphoSpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Eugenia	BNA79	PT	215	Eugenia BNA79
nPT_Ladera_185	MorphoSpeciesName	Sabiaceae	Meliosma	GAT1733	PT	1493	Meliosma GAT1733
nPP_Tapuri_45	SpeciesName	Brunelliaceae	Brunellia	brunnea	PP	2000	Brunellia brunnea
nPP_Sumpul_34	MorphoSpeciesName	Araliaceae	Oreopanax	sp9	PP	3473	Oreopanax sp9
nPT_Tequej_29	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Alseis	TMG118	PT	320	Alseis TMG118
nPT_Marimo_37	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Rhodostemonodaphne	sp1	PT	1000	Rhodostemonodaphne sp1
TRU-04	MorphoSpeciesName	Cyatheaceae	Cyathea	sp9	abergPP	2500	Cyathea sp9
nPT_Tintay_252	SpeciesName	Nyctaginaceae	Reichenbachia	hirsuta	PT	811	Reichenbachia hirsuta
nPT_Bosque_481	MorphoSpeciesName	Chrysobalanaceae	Licania	sp2	PT	425	Licania sp2
TRU-03	SpeciesName	Araliaceae	Schefflera	acuminata	abergPP	1970	Schefflera acuminata
nPT_Victop_372	MorphoSpeciesName	Symplocaceae	Symplocos	sp5	PT	1250	Symplocos sp5
CAL-02	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Jacaranda	obtusifolia	abergPP	190	Jacaranda obtusifolia
nPT_Tumupa_18	SpeciesName	Malpighiaceae	Bunchosia	angustifolia	PT	940	Bunchosia angustifolia
nPP_Resina_12	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Meriania	GAT3281	PP	2210	Meriania GAT3281
nPP_Resina_13	SpeciesName	Ebenaceae	Diospyros	artanthifolia	PP	1070	Diospyros artanthifolia
nPP_Jucuma_35	SpeciesName	Marcgraviaceae	Marcgravia	crenata	PP	515	Marcgravia crenata
nPT_Tumupa_13	SpeciesName	Piperaceae	Piper	elongatum	PT	1650	Piper elongatum
nPT_Bosque_114	MorphoSpeciesName	Lecythidaceae	Eschweilera	sp1	PT	1478	Eschweilera sp1
nPT_Wayrap_164	SpeciesName	Rhamnaceae	Gouania	lupuloides	PT	1124	Gouania lupuloides
nPT_Corana_313	MorphoSpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Eugenia	LC6319	PT	1242	Eugenia LC6319
nPP_Tapuri_46	SpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Blepharocalyx	salicifolius	PP	1180	Blepharocalyx salicifolius
nPT_Sendac_90	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Hymenaea	oblongifolia	PT	850	Hymenaea oblongifolia
nPT_Infier_472	SpeciesName	Boraginaceae	Cordia	kingstoniana	PT	950	Cordia kingstoniana
nPT_Piecer_183	SpeciesName	Pentaphylacaceae	Ternstroemia	globiflora	PT	1750	Ternstroemia globiflora
nPT_Chaqui_148	SpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Manihot	condensata	PT	699	Manihot condensata
TON-02	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	albopunctulata	abergPP	384	Ocotea albopunctulata
nPP_Chalal_6	MorphoSpeciesName	Piperaceae	Piper	AF5893	PP	2196	Piper AF5893
nPT_Pino_262	SpeciesName	Elaeocarpaceae	Sloanea	latifolia	PT	850	Sloanea latifolia
SPD-01	MorphoSpeciesName	Piperaceae	Piper	sp8	abergPP	1750	Piper sp8
nPT_Ladera_185	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Senegalia	multipinnata	PT	1321	Senegalia multipinnata
nPT_Ruinas_33	MorphoSpeciesName	Cunoniaceae	Weinmannia	sp3	PT	2750	Weinmannia sp3
nPP_Buenah_16	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Faramea	sp1	PP	1983	Faramea sp1
SP-02	SpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Matayba	peruviana	abergPT	850	Matayba peruviana
nPT_Sendac_90	MorphoSpeciesName	Piperaceae	Piper	sp6	PT	1983	Piper sp6
SPD-02	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Palicourea	lasiantha	abergPP	362	Palicourea lasiantha
nPT_Victop_378	SpeciesName	Asteraceae	Munnozia	subviridis	PT	2228	Munnozia subviridis
nPT_Copalu_273	SpeciesName	Lecythidaceae	Eschweilera	klugii	PT	800	Eschweilera klugii
PAN-03	SpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Myrcia	amazonica	abergPP	320	Myrcia amazonica
nPP_Tocoaq_30	MorphoSpeciesName	Cunoniaceae	Weinmannia	JGM42	PP	2872	Weinmannia JGM42
nPT_Anta_40	SpeciesName	Calophyllaceae	Caraipa	densifolia	PT	175	Caraipa densifolia
SP-02	SpeciesName	Calophyllaceae	Calophyllum	longifolium	abergPT	1239	Calophyllum longifolium
nPP_Mamaco_3	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Palicourea	wachterae	PP	1045	Palicourea wachterae
nPT_Pampay_178	MorphoSpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Pouteria	sp1	PT	1000	Pouteria sp1
nPT_Cabece_255	SpeciesName	Primulaceae	Cybianthus	callejasii	PT	2500	Cybianthus callejasii
nPT_Tamboq_143	SpeciesName	Olacaceae	Heisteria	duckei	PT	850	Heisteria duckei
PI-01	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Tanaecium	mutabile	abergPT	550	Tanaecium mutabile
nPT_Cocapu_403	MorphoSpeciesName	Erythroxylaceae	Erythroxylum	sp2	PT	2548	Erythroxylum sp2
nPT_Culi_360	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Tachigali	vasquezii	PT	800	Tachigali vasquezii
nPT_Ruinas_34	SpeciesName	Malvaceae	Cavanillesia	hylogeiton	PT	400	Cavanillesia hylogeiton
nPT_Resina_190	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Psychotria	alba	PT	820	Psychotria alba
nPT_Cuchiw_119	SpeciesName	Ochnaceae	Quiina	cruegeriana	PT	1224	Quiina cruegeriana
nPP_Titiri_42	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Elaeagia	karstenii	PP	1521	Elaeagia karstenii
nPT_Ruinas_31	MorphoSpeciesName	Asteraceae	Mikania	LC3557	PT	3473	Mikania LC3557
nPT_Yariap_7	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Aniba	canelilla	PT	735	Aniba canelilla
nPT_Culi_361	MorphoSpeciesName	Araliaceae	Oreopanax	GAT1676	PT	1489	Oreopanax GAT1676
nPT_Ladera_88	SpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Dodonaea	viscosa	PT	1824	Dodonaea viscosa
nPT_Kelluc_174	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	galactantha	PT	2449	Miconia galactantha
nPT_Bromel_122	SpeciesName	Rutaceae	Galipea	trifoliata	PT	190	Galipea trifoliata
nPT_Yuyo_155	SpeciesName	Malpighiaceae	Mascagnia	dissimilis	PT	270	Mascagnia dissimilis
nPT_Arroyo_256	SpeciesName	Brunelliaceae	Brunellia	pinnata	PT	2866	Brunellia pinnata
nPT_Santaa_345	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Palicourea	MJM6271	PT	1045	Palicourea MJM6271
ESP-01	SpeciesName	Solanaceae	Solanum	acuminatum	abergPP	1930	Solanum acuminatum
nPP_Terraz_41	SpeciesName	Campanulaceae	Siphocampylus	dubius	PP	2169	Siphocampylus dubius
nPP_Buenah_17	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Ormosia	sp4	PP	850	Ormosia sp4
nPT_Sumpul_308	MorphoSpeciesName	Solanaceae	Solanum	sp2	PT	3476	Solanum sp2
nPT_Arroyo_256	MorphoSpeciesName	Asteraceae	Lepidaploa	LC4226A	PT	1232	Lepidaploa LC4226A
nPT_Copalu_273	SpeciesName	Dichapetalaceae	Dichapetalum	rugosum	PT	455	Dichapetalum rugosum
TON-02	SpeciesName	Caricaceae	Vasconcellea	glandulosa	abergPP	535	Vasconcellea glandulosa
nPT_Ruinas_35	SpeciesName	Malvaceae	Apeiba	glabra	PT	425	Apeiba glabra
nPT_Tintay_258	SpeciesName	Malpighiaceae	Byrsonima	stipulaceae	PT	595	Byrsonima stipulaceae
TU-09	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Machaerium	pilosum	abergPT	1250	Machaerium pilosum
nPP_Terraz_41	MorphoSpeciesName	Campanulaceae	Centropogon	GAT2576	PP	2955	Centropogon GAT2576
ESP-01	SpeciesName	Aquifoliaceae	Ilex	cuzcoana	abergPP	2750	Ilex cuzcoana
nPT_Tapuri_409	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	TMG410	PT	1955	Miconia TMG410
nPP_Lomasa_39	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Cordiera	triflora	PP	1650	Cordiera triflora
nPT_Cochay_205	MorphoSpeciesName	Phyllanthaceae	Phyllanthus	AEC362	PT	1299	Phyllanthus AEC362
TRU-01	SpeciesName	Chrysobalanaceae	Hirtella	excelsa	abergPP	425	Hirtella excelsa
nPT_Atawar_110	SpeciesName	Moraceae	Brosimum	acutifolium	PT	238	Brosimum acutifolium
nPT_Alsura_229	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Rudgea	PCL21	PT	1447	Rudgea PCL21
nPT_Aguapo_56	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Inga	poeppigiana	PT	455	Inga poeppigiana
SPD-01	MorphoSpeciesName	Meliaceae	Guarea	ETP256	abergPP	1450	Guarea ETP256
nPT_Victop_372	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	MVH53	PT	2570	Miconia MVH53
nPT_Piara_395	MorphoSpeciesName	Annonaceae	Xylopia	GAT825	PT	1496	Xylopia GAT825
nPT_Buenah_208	MorphoSpeciesName	Meliaceae	Ruagea	sp1	PT	2245	Ruagea sp1
nPT_Buenah_214	MorphoSpeciesName	Meliaceae	Ruagea	ILR122	PT	1248	Ruagea ILR122
nPT_Infier_472	MorphoSpeciesName	Annonaceae	Unonopsis	MJM5748	PT	515	Unonopsis MJM5748
nPT_Palmit_147	MorphoSpeciesName	Clusiaceae	Clusia	sp13	PT	1983	Clusia sp13
nPT_Cercaa_246	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Lonchocarpus	seorsus	PT	595	Lonchocarpus seorsus
nPT_Santaa_347	MorphoSpeciesName	Meliaceae	Trichilia	NPZ5093	PT	470	Trichilia NPZ5093
nPT_Victop_373	SpeciesName	Lythraceae	Lafoensia	punicifolia	PT	310	Lafoensia punicifolia
nPT_Palmar_105	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	reducens	PT	1766	Miconia reducens
nPP_Yarimi_9	MorphoSpeciesName	Araliaceae	Dendropanax	sp5	PP	1250	Dendropanax sp5
nPT_Arroyo_186	MorphoSpeciesName	Theaceae	Gordonia	MJM5263	PT	1070	Gordonia MJM5263
nPP_Tanhua_38	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Nectandra	sp17	PP	1500	Nectandra sp17
nPP_Fuerte_26	SpeciesName	Rhamnaceae	Rhamnidium	elaeocarpum	PP	840	Rhamnidium elaeocarpum
nPT_Resina_197	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	GAT1158	PT	1254	Miconia GAT1158
nPT_Tumupa_17	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Platymiscium	sp1	PT	1250	Platymiscium sp1
nPT_Corana_313	SpeciesName	Asteraceae	Mikania	amazonica	PT	2210	Mikania amazonica
nPT_Victop_374	SpeciesName	Rhamnaceae	Scutia	buxifolia	PT	938	Scutia buxifolia
TON-01	MorphoSpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Pouteria	sp9	abergPP	595	Pouteria sp9
nPP_Tapuri_46	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Machaerium	inundatum	PP	194	Machaerium inundatum
nPT_Culi_357	SpeciesName	Ericaceae	Orthaea	weberbauerii	PT	3200	Orthaea weberbauerii
nPT_Sumpul_302	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Psychotria	MJM3970	PT	460	Psychotria MJM3970
nPT_Santaa_346	MorphoSpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Calyptranthes	ILR280	PT	1580	Calyptranthes ILR280
nPP_Tintay_25	SpeciesName	Moraceae	Ficus	paraensis	PP	780	Ficus paraensis
nPT_Copal_91	SpeciesName	Magnoliaceae	Talauma	amazonica	PT	1601	Talauma amazonica
nPP_Lomaka_40	SpeciesName	Cardiopteridaceae	Citronella	ilicifolia	PP	1910	Citronella ilicifolia
SPD-01	SpeciesName	Petiveriaceae	Seguieria	macrophylla	abergPP	1400	Seguieria macrophylla
nPP_Kañupa_44	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Machaerium	subrhombiforme	PP	1102	Machaerium subrhombiforme
nPT_Tequej_27	MorphoSpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Eugenia	sp3	PT	1500	Eugenia sp3
QU-03	SpeciesName	Boraginaceae	Cordia	mexiana	abergPT	1250	Cordia mexiana
nPT_Tanhua_343	MorphoSpeciesName	Ebenaceae	Dyospiros	sp1	PT	2110	Dyospiros sp1
nPT_Buenah_208	SpeciesName	Lamiaceae	Aegiphila	buchtienii	PT	455	Aegiphila buchtienii
nPT_Palcas_428	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	sp5	PT	2000	Ocotea sp5
CA-07	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Meriania	sp1	abergPT	2449	Meriania sp1
nPT_Khokho_326	SpeciesName	Annonaceae	Xylopia	ligustrifolia	PT	207	Xylopia ligustrifolia
TRU-03	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Alseis	TMG160	abergPP	320	Alseis TMG160
RE-01	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	LC675	abergPT	424	Miconia LC675
nPT_Ladera_185	MorphoSpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Talisia	sp1	PT	850	Talisia sp1
nPT_Culi_361	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Alseis	DDQ224	PT	350	Alseis DDQ224
nPT_Telara_133	SpeciesName	Apocynaceae	Orthosia	guilleminiana	PT	2169	Orthosia guilleminiana
nPP_Sumpul_34	SpeciesName	Rutaceae	Citrus	maxima	PP	1500	Citrus maxima
nPT_Arroyo_186	SpeciesName	Podocarpaceae	Podocarpus	macrostachys	PT	2498	Podocarpus macrostachys
CA-08	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	sp70	abergPT	3030	Miconia sp70
nPP_Titiri_42	MorphoSpeciesName	Rosaceae	Prunus	LC4596	PP	1468	Prunus LC4596
nPT_Corana_313	SpeciesName	Aquifoliaceae	Ilex	kunthiana	PT	3528	Ilex kunthiana
nPT_Cochay_205	SpeciesName	Annonaceae	Rollinia	mucosa	PT	1250	Rollinia mucosa
nPT_Solida_97	SpeciesName	Chrysobalanaceae	Licania	macrocarpa	PT	1750	Licania macrocarpa
nPT_Santia_416	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Schizolobium	parahyba	PT	400	Schizolobium parahyba
nPT_Culi_361	SpeciesName	Convolvulaceae	Maripa	axilliflora	PT	805	Maripa axilliflora
nPT_Santia_415	SpeciesName	Solanaceae	Markea	ulei	PT	1250	Markea ulei
RE-03	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Ormosia	grandiflora	abergPT	190	Ormosia grandiflora
nPT_Palcas_428	MorphoSpeciesName	Gesneriaceae	Columnea	GAT785	PT	1496	Columnea GAT785
nPT_Ppmsur_98	SpeciesName	Asteraceae	Mikania	hookeriana	PT	550	Mikania hookeriana
nPT_Nucala_203	SpeciesName	Dipentodontaceae	Perrottetia	multiflora	PT	2250	Perrottetia multiflora
nPT_Santar_417	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Ferdinandusa	guainiae	PT	850	Ferdinandusa guainiae
nPT_Podoca_386	SpeciesName	Lamiaceae	Aegiphila	triflora	PT	232	Aegiphila triflora
nPT_Eslabo_157	MorphoSpeciesName	Salicaceae	Casearia	FB306	PT	1910	Casearia FB306
nPP_Chirim_19	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	MJM4612	PP	500	Miconia MJM4612
nPP_Tintay_24	SpeciesName	Moraceae	Ficus	gomelleira	PP	280	Ficus gomelleira
nPT_Infier_479	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Persea	sp6	PT	1250	Persea sp6
nPT_Corana_312	SpeciesName	Aquifoliaceae	Ilex	imbricata	PT	3350	Ilex imbricata
TRU-04	SpeciesName	Strelitziaceae	Phenakospermum	guyannense	abergPP	189	Phenakospermum guyannense
nPT_Orilla_129	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Bellucia	aequiloba	PT	595	Bellucia aequiloba
nPT_Corana_313	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Coussarea	hirticalyx	PT	850	Coussarea hirticalyx
nPT_Cerro1_83	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Endlicheria	sp13	PT	1750	Endlicheria sp13
nPT_Arriba_433	MorphoSpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Myrcia	sp9	PT	1500	Myrcia sp9
nPP_Chirim_19	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Psychotria	FB310	PP	1910	Psychotria FB310
nPP_Lomasa_39	SpeciesName	Solanaceae	Nicotiana	tomentosa	PP	1972	Nicotiana tomentosa
nPT_Ladera_185	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Adelobotrys	adscendens	PT	1459	Adelobotrys adscendens
nPT_Tamboq_143	MorphoSpeciesName	Rosaceae	Hesperomeles	sp2	PT	3473	Hesperomeles sp2
nPT_Victop_377	MorphoSpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Eugenia	MJM6621	PT	420	Eugenia MJM6621
TU-08	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Dioclea	BNA791	abergPT	189	Dioclea BNA791
nPP_Yarimi_9	MorphoSpeciesName	Moraceae	Ficus	sp8	PP	425	Ficus sp8
nPT_Wayrap_165	SpeciesName	Asteraceae	Munnozia	senecionidis	PT	2812	Munnozia senecionidis
nPT_Santaa_345	SpeciesName	Malpighiaceae	Diplopterys	lutea	PT	1045	Diplopterys lutea
nPP_Mamaco_3	MorphoSpeciesName	Solanaceae	Cestrum	GAT2995	PP	2019	Cestrum GAT2995
TRU-02	MorphoSpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Paullinia	GAT2306	abergPP	1299	Paullinia GAT2306
CAL-02	SpeciesName	Lecythidaceae	Couratari	guianensis	abergPP	595	Couratari guianensis
nPT_Tanhua_343	SpeciesName	Cyatheaceae	Sphaeropteris	quindiuensis	PT	1955	Sphaeropteris quindiuensis
nPT_Paltuy_167	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Fridericia	chica	PT	735	Fridericia chica
nPT_Tintay_251	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	MJM5114	PT	840	Miconia MJM5114
nPT_Almedr_101	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Persea	sp4	PT	1800	Persea sp4
nPT_Entrec_244	MorphoSpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Pouteria	AEC357	PT	1242	Pouteria AEC357
nPT_Tanhua_341	MorphoSpeciesName	Violaceae	Paypayrola	APC31	PT	175	Paypayrola APC31
nPT_Ruinas_33	MorphoSpeciesName	Meliaceae	Ruagea	AM3480	PT	2200	Ruagea AM3480
nPT_Almedr_101	MorphoSpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Paullinia	LC79	PT	938	Paullinia LC79
nPT_Yuchuy_323	SpeciesName	Polygalaceae	Monnina	bridgesii	PT	3187	Monnina bridgesii
nPP_Waturu_43	MorphoSpeciesName	Cunoniaceae	Weinmannia	GAT2814	PP	2985	Weinmannia GAT2814
nPT_Lahoya_370	SpeciesName	Malpighiaceae	Banisteriopsis	longialata	PT	1070	Banisteriopsis longialata
nPP_Fuerte_26	SpeciesName	Malpighiaceae	Stigmaphyllon	cardiophyllum	PP	535	Stigmaphyllon cardiophyllum
nPP_Mamaco_3	MorphoSpeciesName	Chrysobalanaceae	Hirtella	sp2	PP	595	Hirtella sp2
nPT_Lahoya_370	MorphoSpeciesName	Celastraceae	Maytenus	sp3	PT	1250	Maytenus sp3
nPT_Buenah_218	SpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Myrcia	minutiflora	PT	595	Myrcia minutiflora
nPT_Cocapu_404	SpeciesName	Apocynaceae	Mandevilla	glandulosa	PT	2244	Mandevilla glandulosa
nPT_Bosque_114	MorphoSpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Hieronyma	sp1	PT	2548	Hieronyma sp1
nPT_Despue_65	MorphoSpeciesName	Asteraceae	Mikania	AF9058	PT	2455	Mikania AF9058
nPP_Buenah_15	SpeciesName	Olacaceae	Cathedra	acuminata	PP	280	Cathedra acuminata
nPT_Ladera_132	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Parkia	velutina	PT	425	Parkia velutina
TRU-08	SpeciesName	Burseraceae	Trattinnickia	glaziovii	abergPP	800	Trattinnickia glaziovii
nPT_Orilla_129	MorphoSpeciesName	Piperaceae	Piper	sp5	PT	1983	Piper sp5
nPT_Victop_378	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Psychotria	sp1	PT	1500	Psychotria sp1
nPT_Planop_87	SpeciesName	Clethraceae	Clethra	castaneifolia	PT	2890	Clethra castaneifolia
nPT_Tamboq_141	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Bathysa	peruviana	PT	1750	Bathysa peruviana
nPT_Santaa_351	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Psychotria	steinbachii	PT	320	Psychotria steinbachii
nPT_Santaa_348	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Bellucia	strigosa	PT	190	Bellucia strigosa
nPT_Corana_312	SpeciesName	Ericaceae	Thibaudia	macrocalyx	PT	3106	Thibaudia macrocalyx
nPT_Perfil_78	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	sp24	PT	850	Ocotea sp24
TU-01	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Nectandra	APC249	abergPT	190	Nectandra APC249
TRU-05	MorphoSpeciesName	Boraginaceae	Cordia	AF18435	abergPP	1250	Cordia AF18435
nPP_Tocoaq_29	MorphoSpeciesName	Rosaceae	Prunus	DC214B	PP	1217	Prunus DC214B
nPP_Lechem_50	SpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Dilodendron	elegans	PP	1045	Dilodendron elegans
nPT_Ajusuc_168	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Zygia	sp	PT	1750	Zygia sp
nPT_Sumpul_304	MorphoSpeciesName	Asteraceae	Pentacalia	sp4	PT	3625	Pentacalia sp4
TON-01	MorphoSpeciesName	Moraceae	Perebea	GAT1865	abergPP	1224	Perebea GAT1865
nPT_Wayrap_162	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	sp56	PT	1750	Miconia sp56
nPT_Culi_360	MorphoSpeciesName	Salicaceae	Xylosma	LC2867	PT	1656	Xylosma LC2867
nPT_Curcur_79	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Nectandra	sp20	PT	1250	Nectandra sp20
nPT_Amedia_112	SpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Paullinia	spicata	PT	530	Paullinia spicata
nPP_Titiri_42	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Desmoscelis	calcarata	PP	320	Desmoscelis calcarata
nPT_Culi_355	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	MCM1275	PT	2237	Miconia MCM1275
nPP_Terraz_41	SpeciesName	Piperaceae	Piper	semimetrale	PP	1498	Piper semimetrale
TRU-08	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Nectandra	FB2	abergPP	820	Nectandra FB2
nPP_Fuerte_27	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Ladenbergia	sp2	PP	1750	Ladenbergia sp2
TRU-07	MorphoSpeciesName	Araliaceae	Oreopanax	sp	abergPP	2500	Oreopanax sp
TRU-07	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Senegalia	macbridei	abergPP	280	Senegalia macbridei
nPT_Planop_82	SpeciesName	Monimiaceae	Mollinedia	steinbachiana	PT	1650	Mollinedia steinbachiana
TRU-05	SpeciesName	Rutaceae	Zanthoxylum	caribaeum	abergPP	450	Zanthoxylum caribaeum
nPP_Chirim_19	MorphoSpeciesName	Urticaceae	Coussapoa	RS9346	PP	1533	Coussapoa RS9346
nPT_Tanhua_342	SpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Acalypha	hibiscifolia	PT	1212	Acalypha hibiscifolia
nPP_Sumpul_34	SpeciesName	Lamiaceae	Aegiphila	boliviana	PP	232	Aegiphila boliviana
nPP_Lomaka_40	SpeciesName	Asteraceae	Baccharis	mandonii	PP	3533	Baccharis mandonii
nPP_Sumpul_33	MorphoSpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Pouteria	LC6325	PP	1242	Pouteria LC6325
nPT_Tapuri_413	SpeciesName	Elaeocarpaceae	Sloanea	laurifolia	PT	800	Sloanea laurifolia
nPT_Palmar_108	MorphoSpeciesName	Burseraceae	Protium	sp1	PT	1601	Protium sp1
nPT_Minapa_201	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Endlicheria	pyriformis	PT	280	Endlicheria pyriformis
nPP_Lomasa_39	SpeciesName	Campanulaceae	Centropogon	mandonis	PP	3259	Centropogon mandonis
nPT_Ruinas_34	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	sp13	PT	1000	Ocotea sp13
nPT_Tapuri_410	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	erioclada	PT	1990	Miconia erioclada
APK-01	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Inga	sp17	abergPP	1478	Inga sp17
TRU-04	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Inga	MCM352	abergPP	1414	Inga MCM352
nPT_Fuerte_260	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Psychotria	ernestii	PT	323	Psychotria ernestii
nPT_Bromel_122	MorphoSpeciesName	Vochysiaceae	Vochysia	sp3	PT	800	Vochysia sp3
nPP_Collpa_48	MorphoSpeciesName	Solanaceae	Solanum	AM2755	PP	721	Solanum AM2755
nPP_Sanmar_21	MorphoSpeciesName	Solanaceae	Solanum	PCL58	PP	1452	Solanum PCL58
nPT_Bosque_117	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Aniba	firmula	PT	1750	Aniba firmula
nPT_Patasa_324	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Psychotria	sp7	PT	1000	Psychotria sp7
nPT_Tumupa_17	SpeciesName	Burseraceae	Protium	hebetatum	PT	800	Protium hebetatum
nPT_Tumupa_15	MorphoSpeciesName	Siparunaceae	Siparuna	sp2	PT	1478	Siparuna sp2
nPT_Piara_394	SpeciesName	Polygonaceae	Coccoloba	steinbachii	PT	800	Coccoloba steinbachii
nPT_Victop_378	MorphoSpeciesName	Rosaceae	Hesperomeles	sp1	PT	3000	Hesperomeles sp1
nPP_Buenah_16	MorphoSpeciesName	Meliaceae	Trichilia	MJM5661	PP	450	Trichilia MJM5661
nPT_Buenah_218	SpeciesName	Burseraceae	Protium	decandrum	PT	800	Protium decandrum
nPT_Laguna_38	MorphoSpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Sarcaulus	sp3	PT	1500	Sarcaulus sp3
nPT_Corana_312	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Stryphnodendron	pulcherrimum	PT	190	Stryphnodendron pulcherrimum
nPT_Piara_390	SpeciesName	Escalloniaceae	Escallonia	resinosa	PT	3407	Escallonia resinosa
nPP_Lechem_50	MorphoSpeciesName	Gesneriaceae	Columnea	GAT943	PP	1367	Columnea GAT943
nPT_Aguapo_54	SpeciesName	Erythroxylaceae	Erythroxylum	ulei	PT	360	Erythroxylum ulei
nPT_Piara_388	MorphoSpeciesName	Asteraceae	Pentacalia	AF17002	PT	1427	Pentacalia AF17002
TRU-08	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Schizocalyx	peruvianus	abergPP	595	Schizocalyx peruvianus
nPP_Javill_18	MorphoSpeciesName	Thymelaeaceae	Daphnopsis	AM3907	PP	2400	Daphnopsis AM3907
nPT_Marimo_37	SpeciesName	Marcgraviaceae	Marcgraviastrum	mixtum	PT	1197	Marcgraviastrum mixtum
nPT_Tintay_251	SpeciesName	Solanaceae	Solanum	iltisii	PT	2408	Solanum iltisii
nPT_Tintay_259	MorphoSpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Siphoneugena	sp1	PT	850	Siphoneugena sp1
nPP_Lechem_50	SpeciesName	Malpighiaceae	Heteropterys	rubiginosa	PP	1094	Heteropterys rubiginosa
nPP_Titiri_42	MorphoSpeciesName	Moraceae	Ficus	sp7	PP	1750	Ficus sp7
nPT_Planop_87	SpeciesName	Sabiaceae	Meliosma	sirensis	PT	2500	Meliosma sirensis
nPT_Tapuri_413	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Fridericia	nicotianiflora	PT	215	Fridericia nicotianiflora
nPP_Resina_14	MorphoSpeciesName	Sabiaceae	Meliosma	sp13	PP	2500	Meliosma sp13
nPP_Tocoaq_29	MorphoSpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Serjania	ETP107	PP	1100	Serjania ETP107
nPP_Sumpul_33	MorphoSpeciesName	Olacaceae	Heisteria	APC266	PP	190	Heisteria APC266
nPP_Mamaco_3	MorphoSpeciesName	Oleaceae	Chionanthus	MJM5709	PP	515	Chionanthus MJM5709
APK-01	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Notopleura	AF11609	abergPP	2090	Notopleura AF11609
nPT_Piara_388	SpeciesName	Berberidaceae	Berberis	ovalifolia	PT	3007	Berberis ovalifolia
nPP_Lomaka_40	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Psychotria	LC2811	PP	1839	Psychotria LC2811
nPP_Tapuri_46	SpeciesName	Anacardiaceae	Thyrsodium	bolivianum	PP	190	Thyrsodium bolivianum
nPT_Sendac_90	MorphoSpeciesName	Moraceae	Ficus	GAT974	PT	1447	Ficus GAT974
nPP_Lechem_49	MorphoSpeciesName	Urticaceae	Coussapoa	sp1	PP	800	Coussapoa sp1
nPT_Tequej_24	SpeciesName	Piperaceae	Piper	itayanum	PT	290	Piper itayanum
nPP_Lomaka_40	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Faramea	sp4	PP	1601	Faramea sp4
nPT_Campam_104	SpeciesName	Salicaceae	Casearia	obovalis	PT	470	Casearia obovalis
nPT_Tintay_258	SpeciesName	Violaceae	Pombalia	communis	PT	2766	Pombalia communis
nPT_Nidoab_223	MorphoSpeciesName	Celastraceae	Tontelea	AAD705	PT	940	Tontelea AAD705
nPT_Palmar_161	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Ferdinandusa	sp2	PT	850	Ferdinandusa sp2
nPP_Chalal_6	MorphoSpeciesName	Monimiaceae	Mollinedia	sp2	PP	1500	Mollinedia sp2
nPT_Cerro1_83	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	sp66	PT	1970	Miconia sp66
nPT_Buenah_210	SpeciesName	Celastraceae	Maytenus	ebenifolia	PT	1250	Maytenus ebenifolia
nPT_Ruinas_75	SpeciesName	Solanaceae	Solanum	riparium	PT	1005	Solanum riparium
nPT_Paltuy_167	SpeciesName	Annonaceae	Pseudomalmea	diclina	PT	175	Pseudomalmea diclina
nPT_Buenah_211	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Alseis	reticulata	PT	400	Alseis reticulata
nPP_Chiriu_2	SpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Dilodendron	bipinnatum	PP	1217	Dilodendron bipinnatum
nPT_Tolar1_153	MorphoSpeciesName	Symplocaceae	Symplocos	AF19446	PT	2859	Symplocos AF19446
nPP_Charop_47	SpeciesName	Peraceae	Pera	benensis	PP	362	Pera benensis
nPT_Ruinas_35	MorphoSpeciesName	Solanaceae	Solanum	LC3794	PT	2866	Solanum LC3794
TRU-04	MorphoSpeciesName	Gentianaceae	Tachia	LC701	abergPP	323	Tachia LC701
nPT_Eslabo_157	SpeciesName	Annonaceae	Annona	williamsii	PT	905	Annona williamsii
nPT_Cerros_182	SpeciesName	Elaeocarpaceae	Sloanea	garckeana	PT	595	Sloanea garckeana
nPT_Entrep_245	MorphoSpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Eugenia	MCM1258	PT	2237	Eugenia MCM1258
TU-01	SpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Alchornea	hilariana	abergPT	1750	Alchornea hilariana
nPT_Lambra_440	MorphoSpeciesName	Nyctaginaceae	Neea	APC56	PT	175	Neea APC56
nPT_Encuen_220	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Canavalia	MJM6750	PT	380	Canavalia MJM6750
nPP_Collpa_48	MorphoSpeciesName	Asteraceae	Nordenstamia	sp1	PP	3250	Nordenstamia sp1
nPT_Cerro1_83	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Andira	APC169	PT	190	Andira APC169
nPT_Yuchuy_323	SpeciesName	Araliaceae	Schefflera	pentandra	PT	1750	Schefflera pentandra
nPT_Orilla_130	SpeciesName	Cucurbitaceae	Fevillea	anomalosperma	PT	361	Fevillea anomalosperma
nPT_Tumupa_19	SpeciesName	Rutaceae	Zanthoxylum	acuminatum	PT	1790	Zanthoxylum acuminatum
nPT_Sendae_371	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Palicourea	allenii	PT	1000	Palicourea allenii
SPD-02	SpeciesName	Cyatheaceae	Cyathea	cystolepis	abergPP	2250	Cyathea cystolepis
nPP_Chirim_19	SpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Myrcia	tomentosa	PP	1150	Myrcia tomentosa
nPP_Lechem_50	MorphoSpeciesName	Sapotaceae	Pouteria	sp	PP	1250	Pouteria sp
nPT_Tapuri_406	MorphoSpeciesName	Araliaceae	Dendropanax	sp	PT	1800	Dendropanax sp
ESP-01	MorphoSpeciesName	Piperaceae	Piper	sp1	abergPP	1478	Piper sp1
nPT_Tomamo_265	SpeciesName	Lamiaceae	Aegiphila	setiformis	PT	2196	Aegiphila setiformis
CA-07	MorphoSpeciesName	Malpighiaceae	Hiraea	VTF329	abergPT	798	Hiraea VTF329
nPP_Resina_12	MorphoSpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Croton	AF18364	PP	1250	Croton AF18364
nPT_Santar_422	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Hamelia	patens	PT	224	Hamelia patens
SP-05	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	HCC72	abergPT	354	Ocotea HCC72
nPT_Nucala_203	MorphoSpeciesName	Menispermaceae	Abuta	GAT1737	PT	1493	Abuta GAT1737
TU-06	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	fallax	abergPT	1115	Miconia fallax
nPT_Santaa_349	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Psychotria	huantensis	PT	610	Psychotria huantensis
nPT_Chapar_106	MorphoSpeciesName	Salicaceae	Casearia	sp2	PT	800	Casearia sp2
nPT_Palmit_147	MorphoSpeciesName	Burseraceae	Protium	sp13	PT	1750	Protium sp13
SP-02	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Axinaea	sp3	abergPT	2250	Axinaea sp3
TRU-03	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	mandonii	abergPP	1993	Ocotea mandonii
nPP_Chiriu_2	SpeciesName	Annonaceae	Rollinia	williamsii	PP	1250	Rollinia williamsii
nPT_Codoso_369	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Aiouea	NPZ4873	PT	362	Aiouea NPZ4873
nPP_Tapuri_45	SpeciesName	Asteraceae	Mikania	steinbachii	PP	2031	Mikania steinbachii
nPP_Tanhua_38	MorphoSpeciesName	Annonaceae	Annona	AF11414	PP	1930	Annona AF11414
nPP_Titiri_42	SpeciesName	Burseraceae	Protium	carnosum	PP	340	Protium carnosum
nPP_Chaqui_32	SpeciesName	Araliaceae	Oreopanax	membranaceum	PP	3284	Oreopanax membranaceum
TRU-02	SpeciesName	Malpighiaceae	Callaeum	antifebrile	abergPP	225	Callaeum antifebrile
nPP_Fuerte_26	SpeciesName	Piperaceae	Piper	aduncum	PP	1752	Piper aduncum
nPT_Ppmsur_98	SpeciesName	Annonaceae	Annona	herzogii	PT	219	Annona herzogii
nPT_Copalu_273	SpeciesName	Solanaceae	Cestrum	rigidum	PT	2203	Cestrum rigidum
nPT_Infier_474	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	AF5007	PT	2200	Miconia AF5007
nPT_Chaqui_148	MorphoSpeciesName	Piperaceae	Piper	AF17211	PT	1430	Piper AF17211
nPT_Corana_312	SpeciesName	Moraceae	Ficus	apollinaris	PT	1478	Ficus apollinaris
nPP_Chirim_19	MorphoSpeciesName	Peraceae	Pera	MJM6706	PP	420	Pera MJM6706
nPT_Cocapu_404	SpeciesName	Erythroxylaceae	Erythroxylum	ruryi	PT	221	Erythroxylum ruryi
nPT_Detras_69	SpeciesName	Solanaceae	Cestrum	mariquitense	PT	1248	Cestrum mariquitense
nPT_Planop_82	SpeciesName	Lauraceae	Endlicheria	directonervia	PT	1521	Endlicheria directonervia
nPP_Resina_13	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	LC6389	PP	1242	Ocotea LC6389
CA-06	MorphoSpeciesName	Malpighiaceae	Byrsonima	CMG1962	abergPT	340	Byrsonima CMG1962
nPP_Tanhua_38	SpeciesName	Cyatheaceae	Cyathea	xenoxyla	PP	2250	Cyathea xenoxyla
CA-09	MorphoSpeciesName	Vochysiaceae	Vochysia	AEC373	abergPT	1242	Vochysia AEC373
nPT_Infier_479	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Ormosia	MJM5951	PT	455	Ormosia MJM5951
nPT_Culi_356	MorphoSpeciesName	Cyatheaceae	Cyathea	sp21	PT	1750	Cyathea sp21
TRU-05	MorphoSpeciesName	Boraginaceae	Cordia	ETP329	abergPP	1450	Cordia ETP329
nPT_Culi_357	MorphoSpeciesName	Rosaceae	Prunus	ILR388	PT	1351	Prunus ILR388
nPT_Sumpul_308	MorphoSpeciesName	Asteraceae	Diplostephium	sp2	PT	3528	Diplostephium sp2
nPT_Fuerte_270	SpeciesName	Annonaceae	Cremastosperma	monospermum	PT	300	Cremastosperma monospermum
nPT_Tamboq_141	SpeciesName	Cyatheaceae	Cyathea	dintelmanii	PT	2872	Cyathea dintelmanii
nPT_Alilia_41	MorphoSpeciesName	Asteraceae	Diplostephium	sp3	PT	3389	Diplostephium sp3
nPP_Tuichi_4	SpeciesName	Moraceae	Ficus	ecuadorensis	PP	1250	Ficus ecuadorensis
CA-02	SpeciesName	Humiriaceae	Humiriastrum	colombianum	abergPT	595	Humiriastrum colombianum
nPT_Aguapo_52	MorphoSpeciesName	Cyatheaceae	Cyathea	sp14	PT	1521	Cyathea sp14
nPT_Victop_372	SpeciesName	Marcgraviaceae	Ruyschia	andina	PT	1224	Ruyschia andina
nPP_Tocoaq_29	SpeciesName	Ericaceae	Psammisia	pauciflora	PP	1430	Psammisia pauciflora
nPT_Resina_187	SpeciesName	Simaroubaceae	Simaba	paraensis	PT	595	Simaba paraensis
nPT_Bosque_480	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	sp34	PT	3473	Miconia sp34
TU-02	MorphoSpeciesName	Combretaceae	Terminalia	APC124	abergPT	175	Terminalia APC124
TU-08	MorphoSpeciesName	Piperaceae	Piper	RVH750	abergPT	1321	Piper RVH750
PAN-01	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	sp16	abergPP	1601	Ocotea sp16
TU-07	SpeciesName	Urticaceae	Phenax	uliginosus	abergPT	1654	Phenax uliginosus
nPT_Sumpul_307	SpeciesName	Basellaceae	Anredera	tucumanensis	PT	1254	Anredera tucumanensis
nPT_Ladoca_158	MorphoSpeciesName	Celastraceae	Salacia	MJM5546	PT	470	Salacia MJM5546
nPT_Arriba_433	MorphoSpeciesName	Connaraceae	Connarus	MJM5565	PT	470	Connarus MJM5565
nPP_Yarimi_11	SpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Calyptranthes	simulata	PP	1400	Calyptranthes simulata
CAL-01	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Inga	setosa	abergPP	1219	Inga setosa
nPT_Bosque_146	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Palicourea	triphylla	PT	940	Palicourea triphylla
nPP_Chaqui_31	MorphoSpeciesName	Asteraceae	Mikania	MCM237	PP	2045	Mikania MCM237
nPT_Victop_373	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Lonchocarpus	sp1	PT	1250	Lonchocarpus sp1
nPP_Chirim_19	SpeciesName	Malvaceae	Pseudobombax	munguba	PP	310	Pseudobombax munguba
TRU-02	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Ocotea	AM688	abergPP	1859	Ocotea AM688
nPT_Tintay_259	MorphoSpeciesName	Meliaceae	Trichilia	MJM6008	PT	455	Trichilia MJM6008
nPT_Santar_421	MorphoSpeciesName	Cunoniaceae	Weinmannia	LC4951	PT	3116	Weinmannia LC4951
ACJ-01	SpeciesName	Cyatheaceae	Cyathea	andina	abergPP	850	Cyathea andina
nPP_Tapuri_45	MorphoSpeciesName	Malpighiaceae	Heteropterys	MJM5820	PP	550	Heteropterys MJM5820
nPP_Santaa_36	MorphoSpeciesName	Moraceae	Ficus	GAT2265	PP	1299	Ficus GAT2265
nPP_Lechem_50	MorphoSpeciesName	Primulaceae	Cybianthus	sp5	PP	800	Cybianthus sp5
SPD-02	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Hamelia	axillaris	abergPP	280	Hamelia axillaris
nPT_Cocapu_400	SpeciesName	Primulaceae	Cybianthus	fosteri	PT	850	Cybianthus fosteri
TRU-04	SpeciesName	Sapindaceae	Matayba	scrobiculata	abergPP	1500	Matayba scrobiculata
nPP_Sumpul_34	SpeciesName	Annonaceae	Annona	edulis	PP	595	Annona edulis
nPP_Yarimi_10	SpeciesName	Polygonaceae	Coccoloba	lepidota	PP	175	Coccoloba lepidota
nPP_Sumpul_34	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Gonzalagunia	bunchosioides	PP	350	Gonzalagunia bunchosioides
nPT_Piara_387	MorphoSpeciesName	Asteraceae	Llerasia	NPZ5813	PT	3279	Llerasia NPZ5813
nPT_Palmit_144	SpeciesName	Nyctaginaceae	Guapira	noxia	PT	850	Guapira noxia
nPT_Cocapu_399	MorphoSpeciesName	Chrysobalanaceae	Licania	sp4	PT	1750	Licania sp4
nPT_Victop_379	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Nectandra	LC2642B	PT	1752	Nectandra LC2642B
nPT_Victop_378	MorphoSpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Plinia	sp2	PT	2500	Plinia sp2
nPT_Infier_478	MorphoSpeciesName	Araliaceae	Oreopanax	sp10	PT	2245	Oreopanax sp10
TU-07	SpeciesName	Malvaceae	Byttneria	catalpifolia	abergPT	260	Byttneria catalpifolia
nPT_Arroyo_57	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Machaerium	MJM4431	PT	515	Machaerium MJM4431
nPP_Collpa_48	MorphoSpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Eugenia	BNA183	PP	241	Eugenia BNA183
nPT_Lambra_441	SpeciesName	Annonaceae	Xylopia	sericea	PT	361	Xylopia sericea
nPP_Fuerte_26	SpeciesName	Symplocaceae	Symplocos	robusta	PP	2789	Symplocos robusta
nPT_Yariap_4	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Inga	ALM248	PT	1255	Inga ALM248
nPT_Cocapu_398	MorphoSpeciesName	Annonaceae	Guatteria	sp12	PT	1500	Guatteria sp12
nPT_Almedr_101	MorphoSpeciesName	Asteraceae	Baccharis	sp1	PT	2750	Baccharis sp1
CA-01	MorphoSpeciesName	Asteraceae	Senecio	sp4	abergPT	3337	Senecio sp4
TRU-03	SpeciesName	Fabaceae	Tachigali	pilosa	abergPP	1000	Tachigali pilosa
nPT_Ruinas_33	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Inga	sp23	PT	1750	Inga sp23
nPT_Santaa_344	SpeciesName	Rhamnaceae	Colubrina	glandulosa	PT	280	Colubrina glandulosa
nPP_Fuerte_26	MorphoSpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Myrcia	sp3	PP	1500	Myrcia sp3
nPT_Santar_419	MorphoSpeciesName	Malvaceae	Byttneria	MCT172	PT	337	Byttneria MCT172
nPT_Pino_262	MorphoSpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Alibertia	sp	PT	1500	Alibertia sp
nPT_Juanul_233	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	sp75	PT	3337	Miconia sp75
nPT_Sumpul_303	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	sp76	PT	3476	Miconia sp76
nPT_Despue_65	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Senegalia	MJM5604	PT	470	Senegalia MJM5604
nPT_Culi_354	SpeciesName	Solanaceae	Juanulloa	parasitica	PT	1430	Juanulloa parasitica
nPT_Tigre_48	SpeciesName	Moraceae	Ficus	popenoei	PT	1000	Ficus popenoei
nPT_Cuchiw_119	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Adelobotrys	LC1116	PT	940	Adelobotrys LC1116
nPT_Bosque_487	MorphoSpeciesName	Urticaceae	Cecropia	sp12	PT	1750	Cecropia sp12
nPT_Entrep_245	MorphoSpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	sp58	PT	3522	Miconia sp58
TRU-04	MorphoSpeciesName	Escalloniaceae	Escallonia	sp2	abergPP	3284	Escallonia sp2
nPT_Ppmtsu_81	MorphoSpeciesName	Cunoniaceae	Weinmannia	LC4909	PT	3116	Weinmannia LC4909
nPT_Piara_389	SpeciesName	Menispermaceae	Odontocarya	diplobotrya	PT	280	Odontocarya diplobotrya
nPT_Rioubi_221	MorphoSpeciesName	Euphorbiaceae	Croton	GAT3235	PT	2203	Croton GAT3235
nPP_Collpa_48	SpeciesName	Polygalaceae	Monnina	pseudostipulata	PP	3021	Monnina pseudostipulata
nPT_Tomamo_265	SpeciesName	Chrysobalanaceae	Parinari	excelsa	PT	362	Parinari excelsa
nPT_Sobrep_94	MorphoSpeciesName	Salicaceae	Xylosma	ILR86	PT	1248	Xylosma ILR86
nPT_Corana_312	SpeciesName	Rubiaceae	Randia	calycina	PT	280	Randia calycina
nPP_Titiri_42	SpeciesName	Nyctaginaceae	Colignonia	ovalifolia	PP	3470	Colignonia ovalifolia
nPT_Yariap_6	SpeciesName	Salicaceae	Xylosma	benthamii	PT	530	Xylosma benthamii
TRU-02	MorphoSpeciesName	Lauraceae	Nectandra	sp12	abergPP	1250	Nectandra sp12
nPT_Victop_377	MorphoSpeciesName	Cyatheaceae	Cyathea	sp10	PT	2500	Cyathea sp10
nPP_Jucuma_35	SpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Hexachlamys	edulis	PP	699	Hexachlamys edulis
nPT_Tomamo_265	MorphoSpeciesName	Urticaceae	Coussapoa	MJM6042	PT	780	Coussapoa MJM6042
nPT_Tumupa_19	SpeciesName	Melastomataceae	Miconia	nervosa	PT	349	Miconia nervosa
nPT_Rumi_424	SpeciesName	Urticaceae	Boehmeria	brevirostris	PT	2955	Boehmeria brevirostris
nPP_Heathi_7	SpeciesName	Convolvulaceae	Ipomoea	philomega	PP	221	Ipomoea philomega
nPT_Ladera_127	SpeciesName	Bignoniaceae	Fridericia	nigrescens	PT	320	Fridericia nigrescens
nPT_Tapuri_408	MorphoSpeciesName	Myrtaceae	Calyptranthes	GAT1109	PT	1330	Calyptranthes GAT1109
nPP_Tanhua_37	MorphoSpeciesName	Fabaceae	Stryphnodendron	sp1	PP	595	Stryphnodendron sp1
